149593 this is a never-fail muffin recipe, it's a blank canvas for anything you can dream up! i like coconut and canned chopped pineapple that has been well drained! you choose what you want to add in! if you like a sweet muffin add in more sugar.
274988 i love soup and this soup is easily a meal in of itself.  it's also a testament to the fact that meat does not need to be added to everything to make it taste great.  the beauty of this recipe is its simplicity and it tastes delicious.  it is great with some fresh white bread for dipping.
63346 yes, this cake is made with beets! and you won't believe how great it is. i got the recipe from a friend who said it is the most requested cake in her family. even the kids want it for their birthday cake. i baked it for one of our family gatherings and now, i get lots of requests for it too. the batter looks red, but the red bakes out. i use an almond flavored frosting on it sometimes. other times i just serve it with homemade whipped cream.
29916 my sister received this recipe from a friend, because she was having trouble falling asleep at night. the friend told my sister if she drank this shake before going to bed, it would help her fall asleep. my sister swears by it! i don't have trouble falling asleep, so i can't say if it really works, but it taste great! :)
474258 after years of eating at good and plenty and plain and fancy in lancaster county my mother finally worked up the courage to ask the waitress how they make the buttered noodles. - just burn the butter. i know it sounds weird but this has become our family's favorite way to prepare buttered noodles. plus no additional seasoning needed,
164636 i use this everytime i make onion rings, hot poppers and other fried finger food.  once you use it for the first time, you won't have to reach for the recipe again, cuz it's so easy.  to make more, just change the 1-1-1 to 2-2-2 or more.
170336 this was posted for the zwt 2006.  i have not tried this recipe and it is compliments of fooddownunder.com by colleen ries.  these were the first-place winner in the 1995 chicago tribune holiday cookie contest.
152441 carrots coated with a yummy butter, brown sugar and ginger sauce. i grew up eating these in texas. easy, quick and yummy!-- great way to get kids to enjoy this veggie! if you like a lot of sauce double the sauce ingredients. i posted this less 'saucy' to keep the fat and calories down. the sauce is yummy and great on rice or just on a spoon! hope you enjoy it as much as we do!  i am so honored that this simple little recipe of mine has been so well received. thank you all for your reviews!
18766 an absolutely delicious done-in-a-snap snack, or breakfast treat (if you double/triple the recipe) that's as much fun to make as it is to eat! you end up with a slice with pretty, circular patterns, that's soft and sweet on the top, and crisp at the bottom!
222166 there was a chain of italian restaurants in the columbus, ohio area that had this awesome salad as their house salad.  i don't like blue cheese, so asked for it to be omitted, but loved the combination of bacon, lettuce and dressing.  when the salad was brought to the table, they then offered fresh ground black pepper.  i think this recipe was posted in the columbus dispatch newspaper.  note:  due to this being a restaurant recipe, it makes a alot of dressing, about two cups, so you might want to cut the amount of dressing to 1/4 or 1/2 of this recipe.
223242 for an easy, tasty, and different twist on the tomato-mozzarella salad, try this dressing. the tastes of the balsamic and soy are so good together!
26283 light and low fat.
29835 these are wonderful little muffins. i could never pass these little gems up. courtesy of the abilene, texas country club.
300049 this is a recipe shared with me by my southern gentleman friend. he made them for me one evening and i couldn't believe how great they were, when asked why they were soooo good, he remarked simply it's just a can of evaporated milk, that's the only way to make them. so here it is. i'm so used to adding milk, butter, sour creme, yogurt, whatever i can find to make them creamy and tasty, that the simplicity of this is a nice change. it makes them wonderfully creamy and rich, the last time i made them i only used about 4t of butter (which is a lot less than i normally do) and i didn't miss it at all, it still tasted very rich, i also added 4 roasted garlic cloves, so you can play around with your preferred variations, while still enjoying the base creamy richness of this recipe. yet another example of how great something simple can be, (it took me a long time to learn that lol).
244193 aka: 'how to make the perfect cheesecake' this recipe includes very detailed instructions for preparation which is the key to any great cheesecake. *this is my signature recipe that i have spent many many hours perfecting the 
ingredients and techniques for. this is not 'ny style' but real 'ny cheesecake'. 
the end result is a wonderful cheesecake that some will tell you to eat with a towel, because it's like an 'o' in your mouth.
348276 found online at www.fooddownunder.com, while looking for economical 'african' recipes.    
tasty and nutritious, a vegetarian main dish or a good side dish.  you could easily add garlic, cooking it with the onions, add some mushrooms, adding with the tomatoes,  and i think some chilli, fresh, powdered or flaked,  would also add a bit of spice to this very versatile dish!
19104 this basic crepe recipe can be used for all your dinner entree crepes. it is great because you can wrap them in plastic, wrap them in foil and freeze them for when you want to whip up a quick elegant dinner. recipes for fillings will be posted separately.
18307 i have had this recipe for so long that i can't remember where it came from, but i think i got it out of a magazine or newspaper. i like it because you can use the dough in so many different ways. for the holidays, you can press half of a candied cherry in the center of unbaked cookie, and then after baking drizzle with either white or dark chocolate, melted.
213909 these cupcakes are the i'm-trying-so-hard-to-stop-pretending-these-are-a-main-dish type, when prepared with recipe #213910 as the icing--the guava cream-cheese filling.  i hulled out a small circle in the middle of the cupcakes and filled them with this.  undeniably addicting!  found this idea on an online blog.
174601 you can make this at home, it's easy and heart healthy! it makes a geat base for smoothies and sauces. nuts are used prolifically in africa and asia.
145168 i came across another recipe for a drink that called for almond syrup, but i live in the boonedocks, so getting stuff like that is like looking for sunshine in a coal mine.  i was reading a magazine at the doctor's office and came across this reader tip.  how ironic...it's for flavored syrup.  the lord smiles on us at the most unexpected times!  this can also be bottled and given as a christmas or hostess gift.
91644 my daughter amanda found this recipe in a old church cookbook, that i have had for years. its the kind of cake that you want to stick your face in the pan and never come up for air.
23060 this is a lovely cake to make with fresh blueberries, serve with a little whipped cream on top and enjoy!
64793 this recipe was given to me years ago by a friend's mother along with 1 cup of starter. it's easy to keep and can be used to make a number of delicious recipes using sourdough starter.
112725 honey is the best blood enricher by raising corpuscle content. the darker the honey (like buckwheat) the more minerals it contains.
disclaimer: statements contained herein have not been evaluated by the food and drug administration. this recipe is not intended to diagnose, treat and cure or prevent disease. personally, i make these home remedies that i researched. i believed in it and hope you give it a try.
368158 this sauce is so quick and easy to make, it takes any pasta dish to a new level.  simple pasta, marinara sauce and parmesan cheese...yummy!

 we prefer it served in our favorite lasagna or manacotti dish. 

i never buy store bought any longer, not when its this easy to make dishes taste special.
117194 a delicious, incredibly easy way to dress up fresh apples for an quick snack.  enjoyed by both kids and adults alike.
396343 great to top a salad made with fresh baby greens, apples, candied toasted walnuts and a soft mild cheese. this recipe is a combo of a bunch of recipes - this one works the best for the above ingredients for my taste. i use unfiltered apple cider vinegar and fresh honey from the bee keeper from the farmers market but you can use any cider vinegar and honey that you have on hand.
283590 ***updated 4/8/08 - this recipe has been adjusted regarding bake times and temperature.  that seemed to correct the problems stated by the reviewer (based on her baking these again.)  the reviewer did suggest to just use a powdered sugar/milk glaze over the scones also.  thank you to chef #532663 for all her help in figuring out what when wrong the first time.****

from pillsbury recipe clip-out.  i made these years ago and unfortunately cannot remember the results...one of the few recipes i did not write down a comment outside of the date i made them.
220504 simple dessert for two.
151975 these muffins are part of our thanksgiving tradition.  since we have many dishes for this holiday, i often make these muffins in mini-muffin pans and bake them only half as long.
355 apple crisp
389615 this is a very old recipe from the out of old nova scotia kitchens cookbook, and was used in times when certain ingredients such as sugar and butter were expensive and scarce. however, these are very yummy, especially if you like something not too sweet. (you can add more sugar if you like a sweeter flavor.) the thing that makes these extra nice is the brown sugar/cinnamon topping. it almost caramelizes....mmmmmm. you can add in raisins or anything else you like. please note these have more of a bread like texture, that's the way they're supposed to be. enjoy!

218390 a quick, light lunch or a delicious snack. i never get tired of this combo!
490283 this is a great twist on traditional green bean casserole!  if you prefer you could substitute a similar amount of frozen green beans, about 4 (12-ounce) bags, thawed, or you can use fresh green beans, too.
307835 found this in one of our local church cookbooks making for potatoes that are a touch different - and always an empty bowl!  the recipe calls for 'old' potatoes - i find for most part i never have old potatoes - if i do not have large potatoes i eyeball an equivalent. weighing - 11/2 pounds of potatoes takes about five what i call regular sized potatoes. serving size is a quesstimate as it depends what you are serving and how big the helping!
90072 quick and easy to make in the microwave. the sauce is absolutely luscious over the crisp spears.
463825 we had this simple, delicious starter in a bali restaurant recently. i've since made it at home to rave reviews.
112815 i saw this on a cooking show and have made it twice now and it is a real hit.
100230 not your typical 
44033 amazing lemonade - can't beat this recipe!
136543 step by easy step recipe for a native american all-purpose flat bread dating back to the nineteenth century.  fry bread is considered a food of inter-tribal unity and is made at all indian pow wows.  it has a crispy outside and a chewy inside. serve with butter & honey, powdered sugar, or cinnamon & sugar.  or add 'taco' ingredients to the top to make an indian taco bread salad.  you can also fill these with anything then fold them up to eat.  or simply serve plain with soup, stew, etc.  *edited to add:  this is an old recipe and i know many of us no longer use so much salt - if that's the case for you then i suggest reducing the salt by half.
346027 this is the portuguese version of a dunking cookie. they are delicious, buttery cookies. originally from sao miguel in the azores, my avô (grandpa) on my father's side was a baker for many years in montreal. this was his recipe.
190939 we have an avocado tree and i make these sandwiches for myself all the time. my 16 month old does not like avocados and this is the only way he'll eat them. there is a variety that tastes very buttery and my grandmother used to call the avocado poor man's butter because she would use it on bread instead of butter when times were hard. by itself the paste is an excellent first food for baby.
291086 ok...here in the us avocados are used in savory salads...but in brazil we eat them sweet.  this is known as creme de abacate, when blended with sugar and milk this comes out to be a creamy goodness, trust me!  before making this make sure you chill the entire avocado so it is nice and cold.
386901 avocados can be expensive, even here in texas. this is more of a tip than a recipe that i wanted to save for myself and share with y'all. now i can stock up when they are on sale yet still enjoy them when they are not. just multiply the recipe for the number of avocados you want to freeze.
85492 i love this recipe because it is simple, quick and tasty. the asparagus is tender/crisp. we have also used feta cheese either with or without the parm cheese to twist the flavor a little- great! since we are on a low carb diet this recipe really brightens up our menu.
222479 i grew up eating these green beans and learned to cook them by watching my mother.  they are my favorite way to eat green beans.
edit:  this is a recipe for people that like a tangy vinegar flavor, most kids won't like it. i make this for the adults and just buttered beans for my kids.
120973 inspired by another macaroni salad and some nudging from my sister, this is what i came up with. :)* the cook time on this is boiling the macaroni and frying up the bacon, which i did simultaneously ;)
63287 pasta with bacon and tomatoes
137040 this vinaigrette is sweet, tart, bacony and oniony and it's what makes people keep asking me to bring salad. and who doesn't like some real bacon in their salad? i never really measure the amounts but it always tastes fantastic!
280184 don't be intimidated because it says souffle, as this couldn't get any easier.
109944 this is such a delicious way to fix mashed potatoes. if you are looking for something bursting with flavor and are looking for a different way to make your mashed potatoes, give this recipe a try! easy and delicious!
138406 this is an appetizer that i saw paula deen make on food tv.  what would we do without food tv???  it's easy to make, although it does have a long cooking time.
102074 these are nice and simple. even my 3 yr old likes them!
141878 anyone who likes bacon and waffles should definatly like these!
106640 i received these from pamela's annual baking exchange and thought that i'd share the recipe.
101103 this smells delicious while it bakes. it can easily be multiplied to accomodate a larger family. if you use a cold apple, the sugar will stick to the outside nicely, but it will take longer to cook. i have heard of people using honey instead of sugar, but it tastes funny to me.  (note:  i'm sorry i originally forgot to post the baking temperature of 375)
187790 serves 100; allow 3 slices per serving. reduce bacon by 6 lbs. for 2 slices per person. i used bacon i got over the meat counter in the store, so it was thicker. there were 12 slices per pound, so ask your butcher to weigh a pound and then count the slices. that way you'll have the correct amount. the bread is only here because i need more then one ingredient to post this.  i like to fix ours this way when we have blt's.  then all the bacon is still warm when we sit down to eat.
70909 this recipe comes from the doanleigh inn in kansas city, missouri. i got it from a web site. i made some adjustments when i prepared it. i only used one cup of sour cream and 1 tablespoon of vanilla. i put on enough brown sugar to completely cover the blueberries, probably 1 to 1 1/4 cups. it really was quite delicious. the blueberries stay plump and juicy. one left over was quite good the next day, eaten cold. i suggest you play around with the proportions too. very impressive dessert.
64585 make this casserole the night before and just pop it in the oven for your breakfast or brunch. when turned over and out of pan, a caramel layer will have formed. delicious!
199636 when i was first married we used to go to a chinese restaurant that had the tastiest chicken -- spoiled by a greasy breading. after some trial and error i duplicated the flavor in this easy, economical dish. the long cooking that would dry out white meat gets the grease out of this dark meat and gives the skin a delicious crunch. 

it's quick to make, converts to any quantity, and is a great favorite with kids and adults both. it also holds well and the leftovers are good cold.

note: i've noticed in the last couple years that if you're not very careful about reading the fine print you'll end up with chicken pieces that have been enhanced by injecting it with some kind of flavoring solution. not only does this injected chicken make my dh ill from a reaction to the flavoring solution, but it also seems to make it impossible for the chicken to pick up the flavorings you add. no matter what i do to it, enhanced chicken always tastes the same. so beware what you're buying. :)
150765 bacon wrapped in each muffin cup around the sides,with an egg in each cup. when there were 8 to 10 around the kitchen table in the morning, it was an easy breakfast to prepare and bake. serve with toast and fruit. i used to make 18 to 24 servings so that each person could have two if desired.
i worked a full time job and made recipes that were quick, easy, good tasting and that allowed all of us to get to school and work on time. now i would use turkey bacon. when i first created this recipe, turkey bacon was not available.
224032 a little labor-intensive, especially if serving topped by a sauce, but just delicious.  hollandaise, mornay, bearnaise all are possibilities.
250964 i got this recipe from my mother.
419300 adapted from prairie home cooking. this is the way my mother used to make macaroni and cheese. the pasta measurement is the measurement for the dried pasta.
19354 a baked potato with all the trimmings in a casserole. a good tasting side dish. makes a nice side on a buffet, or potluck.
63887 just the right touch for baked potatoes. very quick to put together.
72904 oh, these are so yummy!
47286 finally found the right combination of spices for pork and without fat or carbos! this was great when served with a baked potato, green beans with a little dill and lemon.
234197 baked squash sticks seasoned with spices and parmesan cheese. you can also substitute a small japanese eggplant for one of the zucchini.  nice with an onion dipping sauce.
56978 i have two rival slow cookers and use them frequently. i like the idea of having my potatoes ready at the same time i have the meat ready in my slow cooker.
128804 after moving to texas from the north, i was introduced to baked sweet potatoes as a side dish, a nice change from the usual baking potato.  these are baked in the microwave, a real time-saver!
50432 this is an excellent recipe for any weekend brunch with company or family!  i serve for our christmas breakfast with homemade muffins, sausage and fresh fruit.  from saltwood house bed and breakfast.
56376 quick, easy and light vegetable side dish for tomato lovers.
27076 fluffier than other mashed-potato substitutes, because of the egg baked in, and very tasty. i've had non-diabetic folks ask for my recipe. :) mmmm!
308435 sweet biscuits from the caribbean. very easy to make.
360870 this is a biscuit type topped cobbler that is very quick and easy to make. you can use fresh or frozen berries.
33545 support your local beetroot pusher.
175540 found on epicurious.com.  sounds like a unique twist to me...........  used for zwt 3 with midwest and south as the regions, blueberries in michigan and peaches in georgia.
298599 this recipe is sooo fast and easy and adds a very interesting flavour dimension to simple fried eggs!  you can use dandelion greens, beet greens, escarole, or arugula.  i personally love arugula.
if you like onions, you can add some chopped onions to the pan with the garlic.
this recipe is from chowhound.com.
249683 what i love about this dish is how versatile it is. it goes well with a fancy main dish or it can be served up with some grilled chicken drumsticks. it also comes from bon appetit magazine. i hope you enjoy it.
166535 this is my favorite smoothie. i love the flavor and its all natural! please note that this is very thin so you can add less orange juice if you like them thicker. enjoy!
38778 what do you do with a gazillion over-ripe bananas?? double this recipe and enjoy!
209247 these are delicious dessert or breakfast crepes with banana flavor within the crepe itself. they are really good with recipe #209347. i like to use a paper towel with a little butter on it to swipe the pan before adding the batter. this recipe works best with a non-stick pan or a crepe maker. you must use a very ripe banana to get the full banana flavor. the recipes include very detailed instructions which are great if this is your first time to make crepes. from crepes & omelettes.
135715 i am a fan of french toast and bananas and this is a yummy combination!
137370 this is especially good over cereal. my kid's love it. it's also great as a snack. so easy to make. posted for zaar world tour 05
443988 africa has a long history of banana cultivation. phytolith discoveries in cameroon dating to the first millennium bce triggered an as yet unresolved debate about the date of first cultivation in africa. there is linguistic evidence that bananas were known in madagascar around that time. the earliest prior evidence indicates that cultivation dates to no earlier than late 6th century ad. it is likely, however, that bananas were brought at least to madagascar if not to the east african coast during the phase of malagasy colonization of the island from south east asia c400ce.
here we have a simple, healthy drink made with just 1 banana. idea from the 80/10/10 diet by dr. douglas n. graham, a cool raw food book.
458492 i discovered this from the remnants of banana french toast -- and it was so delightful that i just made this the next time! easy and quick and tastey with honey ontop!
75140 easy banana homemade waffles made richer with the additon of sour cream. cook time depends on your waffle iron.
392690 i created this shake as its fast, healthy and keeps me full for hours.  i don't have time for a traditional breakfast so i make this in the mornings.  the walnuts give it a nice thick consistency and the fats in nuts are very good for us.  i enjoy making it every morning.  i love that it tastes like a banana milkshake, without the empty calories!!!
130997 these are so simple, yet delicious! i have to make this everytime my little cousins stay the night. borrowed my favorite tried-and-true basic pancake recipe and added some tasty zip!
67347 when our kids went to band camp, i used to volunteer. a school cook who worked at the camp showed me how to make this recipe. now i make it for my grandkids and to share at get togethers with our friends. it's great on hot dogs too.
377471 this recipe comes from cowboycountrytv.com, and ash cooper's mom had this recipe, and man oh man, is it ever good.  the potatoes are excellent with any fried food especially fried chicken!!  could be barbecue (in foil) as well.
30949 when i lived in kansas city, mo i worked in a barbecue restaurant and this rub looked about like what we used there. that rub was out of this world.  update 4/21/05: denise! asked what restaurant it was i worked at.  i believe it was called mr. g's and it was in independence.
10217 with that down home barbecue flavor!
62193 i was watching a cooking show one day and this recipe caught my eye because it was just too simple. i love having cranberry sauce with my dressing during thanksgiving and thought it would be a nice change of pace from the old can version.
19097 this recipe can be used for all your dessert crepes. you can cook them fresh and use them or better yet make a batch, wrap them in plastic, then foil and freeze them for future use. have wax paper   between the crepes. dessert fillings will be posted separately.  i say 20 crepes this depends on the size and how thin you pour them.mine are almost paper thin and about the size of a large side plate
79836 fajita's do not work unless it has this marinade.
31209 so many people think they don't like brussels sprouts - it's sad, because they're such a wonderfully tasty vegetable! i figure they must have had them prepared badly when they were younger, because everybody i fix them for change their minds about them. my latest conquest was my husband, who thought he didn't like them, either. he has since changed his mind, of course.
236964 i used to live near sea level, where i had wonderful success with breadmaker breads.  
back then, i'd just estimate the amount of yeast, salt, and sugar, and i'd toss in all sorts of extra ingredients.  once even a bread made with yellow cake mix and some leftover spinach.  

however, after moving to a mile-high altitude, i had to stop casually adding ingredients.  in fact, i couldn't even turn out a decent loaf of white bread.

i was about to donate my breadmaker away, when i came across tips for high-altitude baking on the internet.  i stayed up late one night reading.  then i started experimenting.  

my breadmaker is the welbilt model #abm-100.  [that's the breadmaker that's shaped like r2d2.]  

i played around with ingredient amounts until i found a combination that uses regular flour at high-altitude.  

now, i've never tried this at other high altitudes ... maybe what works in my altitude/temperature/humidity will fail dismally in another part of the world.  and i don't know what would happen if you choose to use bread flour.

here's the basic french bread that works for me.

but i haven't dared to add spinach to it.
426920 this is, as the title says a basic muffin recipe. you can add ¾ cup of your fruit of choice, blueberries, raspberries, peaches……. 
if using frozen fruit, do not thaw.
you can also have them plain.
48635 say goodbye to aunt jemima! once you taste these homemade pancakes, i think you'll agree they're much better than the boxed kind! add a bit of vanilla or fruit (frozen blueberries work well) to make them extra special. if you want, mix up the dry ingredients in advance and give it away as a gift (with instructions on how to finish making the pancakes) or just store it for even quicker pancakes on sunday mornings.
235534 this is the basic recipe for cooking quinoa. you can use it in place of rice, or you can use it as the basis of a salad or tabouleh. quinoa is a light and wholesome grain that is gluten free. it is prepared quickly and easily with this basic method. this recipe makes 3 cups of cooked quinoa
229418 easy, simple muffins that you can add your own flavor to.
31540 this white sauce can be used in so many different ways. add cheese,curry powder,dill,or horseradish add canned tuna,ham,hamburger,sausage. lots of things can be done with this sauce.
30118 tasty potatoes, easy to make.
482308 rudy loves these eggs basted hard. they are a cross between poached and fried. you can cook them to your preference; i like basted soft myself, served with toast. you need a fry pan with a lid, glass is best, so you can watch for doneness.
367436 this is not a marinade it is used to baste while grilling and works well with all fish, i have used it on salmon and halibut with great results... this is very good!
26559 easy batter to fix but be sure to let it rest before you use it.
24873 as the recipe implies, this batter may be used for anything.
422978 a german farmer's breakfast that i found on the web in my search for zwt recipes.
189930 my grandma's recipe.  these come out plate size and thin.  you put any choice of toppings on and roll up and eat.  this is a german heritage recipe.
305486 a typical dish from belgium, usually served in paper cones along with mussels. adapted from  about.com.
77368 this is the most popular of the ben & jerry's ice cream bases. it holds up well in a home freezer, and it's easy! from here, the sky's the limit ... follow a tried and true recipe, or make up that fantasy flavor you've always dreamed of. this recipe is posted in response to a request ... hope it helps!
373089 this is a type of cornbread, you have to try it.  best made in the classic cast iron skillet!
53431 there is no mistake about the amount of baking powder. this is a very light and fluffy recipe for pancakes.
294693 i have never had asparagus as good as this recipe from my friend stacy in virginia. my hubby and i easily eat an entire bunch in one sitting! this is so easy!!!
453366 yeah right! pancakes are all the same, right? wrong! this is a variation i came up with when i was out of butter milk. batter stores well overnight
202036 this is a recipe i developed from lots of trial and error.  i just kept experimenting with my bread maker.  this same dough makes beautiful dinner rolls as well.
106430 this is the best flan you will ever taste. the cream cheese takes away the egginess that most flan's have. the water bath ensures that the custard does not burn and that the caramel turns into a wonderful sauce.
235448 my boyfriend made it for me after a really hard day. ever since then it has become a comfort food. this recipe has been passed down through his family.
136577 i had to get this recipe from my mother in law as it was the only way my husband would eat carrots. it was then that i discovered why and now it’s the only way either of us will eat them!
33633 for best results marinate the steaks for one hour!
88222 i have never tasted a poundcake as light and delicious as this one. this recipe is from a lady in a rural town in alabama. she is the best cook! you will not be sorry if you make this one. please try it and rate it. i feel confident you will like it!
8556 these waffles are very light. if i have any extra waffles, i put them in a zip lock bag and freeze.
13546 this is an excellent crust that requires no time to rise. why order out when you can just throw this pizza together?
236189 really good!
30372 my sister and i used to request this recipe often. mom never seemed to make it often enough... we loved it! i'm not sure where my mom got the recipe, but i think betty mayfield was a past miss america? not sure!
280318 a nice, little batch of fresh, hot, biscuits to make in the toaster oven when you just need a little something. drop biscuits are no more trouble to make than opening a can of dough and you don't have to keep track of expiration dates. of course you could roll them and cut them if you wanted, but i've always liked the crunchy bits you get from the texture of the drop biscuits.
351701 i'm posting this so i don't keep losing it.  my mom made this often - it's a buttery biscuity topping.  it doesn't rise as high as regular biscuits, and you can just pour it over the pot pie.  it comes out all golden brown and tasty.
the pot pie part i make with leftover chicken, some frozen mixed veggies, and either leftover gravy or cream of chicken soup.
162408 fast salad.
371414 this recipe has been making the rounds on the internet and i thought i would post it here so i don't forget about it.  there are 8 different additions/variations that are guaranteed to make these blondies something special!
19042 if i get asked for this recipe one more time, i will scream - just kidding! this is a great do-ahead appetizer. a good recipe to have for your summer garden abundance (and parties!). only 145 days til july!
261572 this is from coup de pouce.  a dessert made in less than 30 minutes.
160435 blueberries and bananas strikingly complement each other in this moist quick bread.
52089 this recipe is from the company's coming cook for kids cookbook. i have to double the recipe for my husband and two boys. if there are leftovers, i freeze them and warm them up in the toaster on a morning when we're in a rush.
81232 this is a wonderful blueberry syrup recipe that is very simple to put together. my whole family loves it.
50964 if you like blueberries i need say no more. you can also put into muffin pan cook for 25 minutes.
221829 this is basically blueberry buckle with a cream cheese filling. the recipe is from anna olson, host of food network's sugar. absolutely delicious!
371970 the best flavored blueberry muffins you'll ever eat!  you can use fresh or frozen blueberries for this recipe.  we live in an area where there are several blueberry farms and fill our freezer.  these muffins are a special treat!!
100281 you will never have soggy crusts again if you make your pie like this. you can make this and freeze it for using later. update: i just finished doing it in the microwave, so much easier than standing over a pot stirring. it took about 15 minutes, stirring after the first 5 min and every couple minutes until thick and clear looking. i added the cornstarch mixture after the first 5 minutes. 
69850 these are really good. using fresh blueberries is best.
credit for this recipe goes to paula hadley, forest hill, la, as printed in taste of home's family collection cookbook.
95704 this blueberry tart is so simple to make yet packs a great taste. everyone always loves this and it is a great way to use blueberries. this recipe comes from the i can't believe it's kosher cookbook. note: tart may also be made in a 10-inch pie plate or a 10-inch quiche dish. a little extra care is needed to get the first piece out of a quiche dish.
431590 quick to put together, and extremely tasty.  this delightful recipe was compliments of taste of nova scotia and was created by sean laceby of the blomidon inn in wolfville. my good friend gail has also made this with strawberries as well as peaches (her favourite).  this is one quarter of the original recipe, which was listed as serving 4 - 8.  as gail mentions, this would only apply if you planned to serve it as a beverage. ;)  if you have issues with small seeds, it would be a good idea to strain before bottling. i don't know how long it keeps, but i would think you'd be safe if used within a week.  i'm still breathing, so i guess that's a good indicator.
370885 i found this on food network within a bobby flay roasted beet salad recipe.
i wanted the recipe for roasted beets and this one was the best i've seen as far as simple and no mess!  you wrap the beets in foil with a little oil and bake!
83141 this is from copykat.com. i haven't tried it yet, but i love it when i go to boston market.
140846 soooo flavorful! the house smells wonderful while this is cooking!
61363 found this recipe in a book called cook right for your type (about food for different blood groups). sounded so interesting and is very delicious
375150 i had these for the first time on the deck at my brother and sister-in-law's home in s. cal. they had such a declicous flavor, and eating outside made them even better. enjoy them with fruit and whipped cream or your favorite syrup. if you want an even lighter texture you can seperate the eggs, whip the whites and fold them in at the end; my sil always mixes them in whole and they are wonderful!
43743 this is a family favorite! it goes with anything, whether grilling out or frying pork chops. wonderful!! a friend gave me this recipe. it is out of this world!
423922 this recipe, just slightly tweaked, was found in the 2005 cookbook, the best recipes in the world.
63818 simply delicious.
124388 broccoli with a different flair! the sauce is sharp, smooth and salty and is a perfect complement to the broccoli!
16573 this is a very nice dinner for two -- middle eastern style.
19950 this is a family recipe posted at the request of a zaar member.
151563 this is the only way i make my ham for new years and easter.
67535 a simple little recipe for when you get caught without any syrup for your pancakes or even over some ice cream.
161962 now when you make your roux for gravy, it will have a nice golden brown color...and you don't even have to burn it!!
21761 this is a recipe from joy of cooking... totally changed my mind about brussels sprouts! it's imperative that you use fresh sprouts, the texture would be way off with the frozen ones.
423447 this recipe was found on www.recipes.wuzzle.org & is placed here in preparation for the zwt6. although the sprouts in the original recipe were probably cooked in a frying pan, i would steam mine.
184255 what a perfect flavor combination - savory and sweet!  i made this for thanksgiving last year and it was amazing!  recipe from everyday food magazine.
392106 sinfully rich, but so worth it!

recipe courtesy of the food chronicles -  ann criswell, food editor of the houston chronicle newspaper
46947 this recipe came from a church cookbook. i've made this for years. it is such a good cake that is good for any occasion! it makes a great coffee cake to take to work or also great served with some eggs and fruit for a brunch on a busy holiday morning!
29912 for fall holidays.
137144 this is almost too simple to post, but after tasting carrots made this way i won't ever boil them again. the carrots soften and caramelize and are very sweet.
348013 goes great under almost any type of stew/ragout/goulash.
117322 my daughter's number one favorite food i make are these soft, buttery rolls from bread machine magic. i have made these a million times and could do it in my sleep. the dough is a cinch to  work with and they turn out exactly the same every time. leftovers are great with jam. this bread dough makes a delicious kid-friendly pizza crust, too. cooking time does not reflect the rising time. recipe from bread machine magic.
430334 this is a substitution we have used for years in baking.
253776 gift jar directions at bottom of the recipe - add onto a recipe card and attach to the gift! or skip the gift making and indulge yourself with this treat!! note: this recipe is to be prepared one quart size wide mouth canning jar and will yield 24 bars.
186347 kids of all ages love this ---  i also added in some cinnamon and raisins but that is optional --- you can also make this in the microwave, i use an 8-cup pyrex measuring cup just remove a few times and stir --- i top this with a bit of 18% cream and sprinkle with a sugar/cinnamon topping --- the recipe is enough for 2-4 servings but i can eat the whole thing myself this is so good :)
337308 a quick dress up for broccoli from chatelaine food express quickies
163360 this is my husbands favorite cornbread recipe. the butter makes it really moist and it goes great with most any kinds of soup!
80935 these are delicious. the cream cheese in the cookie dough really adds a softness, and makes the cookies taste really flaky and rich. they're a great addition to one's christmas cookie recipes.
87689 i don't always have cake flour on hand, and i'm betting many others don't either. i have discovered that this substitute works very, very well. easy too, and it uses pantry staples!
54269 a simple way to make a bigger and better cake mix. makes a 13x9 pan come out very high and moist.
67813 this recipe came from taste of home magazine. talk about simple summer fare! prep time includes time to slice the potatoes.
129255 when i was younger, i used to go camping with our church youth group and we would always make sure that this was included on the menu. it's one of those recipes that you know everyone would like. this is scaled down. note, this is not a diet meal!
172758 in french, it is tarte au sucre brun. delicious!!  this is a basic pie from quebec, canada.
87722 these date squares are a childhood favorite.
308719 this recipe uses maple syrup and cinnamon to spice up walnuts.  simple to do and very good.  posted for zwt4.

164058 tossed with a brown sugar and butter glaze, these carrots taste slightly sweet and look perfectly shiny.
79247 this stuff is addictive! i love making these nuts to have out for company but have to have someone hide them from me or i'll eat them all before our guests arrive! recipe from the chicago sun-times
117407 when i make hot chocolate i like to add about 2 tablespoons in a 8 oz cup. 
it gives your hot drink a very rich great flavor.
its also great in your morning coffee and i have used it in tea.. try it!
284545 this is my sister's recipe.  every time she makes french toast i always want more!  this is a nice change from the traditional way of cooking it and it's still very simple.  the brown sugar is what makes the caramel crunch on the outside of the bread! mmmmm... it's good!
146591 this is soooo easy to make and a really good syrup if you like the caramel taste. it's not  thick, it's more on the runny side, but very tasty. the prep time is approximate. this came out of my very favorite cookbook where's mom now that i need her?
69479 you can use this on so many different things. by adjusting the cooking time, you can make it as thick as you like according to what you are going to use it on. i like to make it thicker to use on ice cream and thinner for desserts. i often double the recipe so i have some left over for later.
51890 need a new breakfast idea? try bacon baked with a coating of brown sugar and cinnamon! you can make this the night before and reheat it in the microwave on high for 30 to 45 seconds. recipe by land o'lakes.
175042 i wanted a rice recipe that was easy and relatively quick to make brown rice more tasty. this is what i came up with. :-) i've used  long-grain brown rice and brown basmati rice for this, but you could also use white rice. great for any meal you would use rice in.
203838 a simple side dish that is great with german food. from bon appetit, february 1995.
471888 this is my mother's bread recipe.  she made it so often that she never had to look at any recipe - she knew it by feel.   she finally wrote it down and we are so glad she did since she passed away in 1980 at the age of 45. 

this recipe is pretty much in her own words - it is a guideline for all kinds of yeast bread items.   several variations follow the main recipe.  be sure to read it through before trying them out.  she was a beautiful woman and a wonderful mother.  not a day goes by that i don't think of her.   whenever i make yeast bread, i think of her.   i love you, momma!
110574 enjoy this yummy carrot cake without the dairy.
73363 these are a nice change from regular potato pancakes, i have even made miniatures of these and served them as hors d'oeuvres to my guests, and they freeze very well.
45298 ever eat carrots that melt in your mouth? these do (or it just seems like it). my grandmother and my great aunt both made these. the thinner the slices the better (in my opinion) buy them pre-sliced or use your food processor (with practice)
202302 i found this delicious recipe on another site, and unfortunately cannot remember which one.  i made this to have with our christmas lunch and was impressed with the ease of making a dish that tasted so yummy!
121824 if you like cashews, you'll like cashew butter! from allrecipes.com.
85225 easy to whip up, great with a glass of wine!
267527 just trust me. these are so addictive. you can eat them hot or i like to eat them cold the next day for lunch.
115153 this is based on the recipe by bob blumer from the surreal gourmet bites cookbook. this simple caramelization method transforms this much maligned veggie into a knock-your-socks-off side dish or sweet snack that you won't be able to get enough of!
134682 a simple, yummy recipe for the zaar world tour.   cauliflower is usually parboiled in order to reduce the smell which many find too strong. if however, the odor doesn't bother you, simply fry the florets in the oil and garlic without parboiling. cover the pan and cook over a medium heat, gradually adding a few drops of warm water, if necessary.
74394 a family tradition in our home. we like to serve a special breakfast in our home to honour a birthday or some other special occasion. we always have these on christmas morning too! strawberries or cherry pie filling and whip cream are some of our favourite toppings.
144626 the snack of the 50s! hey, it doesn't get any easier than this, folks, and i've yet to find anyone who doesn't love this once in awhile for a snack.
17298 challah bread is one of the most satisfying things i make. i usually knead it in my kenwood mixer, but there's nothing like kneading by hand to help relieve stress.
39198 it's very hard to write the technique of this unleavened bread. it is very much like flatbreads of the middle east. i have given approximate measurements because i never measure when i make them. you may find that you'll have to adjust the amount of water, flour, oil, frying time, depending on what type of frying pan you use and the type of stove you have. good luck! they're delicious! serve with curry. (try my caribbean chicken curry or my chicken vindaloo).
144883 i searched high and low for a basic potato cheese soup that my kids would eat (that means not many veggies!). this is it. so good and cheesy!
50916 these are delicious little cheese bites that are great warm from the oven but also taste good at room temperature. makes a great appetizer or snack.
145366 i can't believe that there isn't a recipe like this  already posted but i searched 7 pages and could not find one. it is simple and tasty. lovely on an appetizer tray or on your salad plate.  i like to use mclaren's imperial but any nice nippy cheddar will do. i use lite mayo
133812 this is a recipe by emeril lagasse (from the essence of emeril show) that my husband enjoys.
47573 this is my personal recipe. i love stouffer's mac and cheese and i decided to take a chance at making my own.  this is pretty close and in a house of picky eaters, the first time i made it--it was gone in minutes. i have a rather large family, so you can halve the recipe to make for a smaller family. also the larger recipe is good if you want to serve as a meal.
293935 these are baked bread sticks laced with cheese and just a hint of cayenne. i got this recipe from a newspaper, which stated the recipe is from 5 spoke creamery. plan ahead, the dough has to refrigerate for at least 2 hours, which is included in the preparation time.
234645 they are rich, but oh so good!  you can vary the cheeses according to taste and add onions, too.  i originally got the recipe from allrecipes, but i have altered a couple of things that helped the recipe we believe.  it is a family favorite!
292165 a well used recipe in my house-and so easy to make. it’s great as a side dish to a main meal, or as a topping on cottage pies and suchlike, or quite simply a good comforting supper dish all on its own with some good thick gravy to pour on top. this is actually my husband’s favourite way to eat potato. i hope you enjoy it.
44656 my father tought me this one. its american, i think?
256081 i make this all the time, you will need a food processor to have a smooth texture, but if you decide to make it by hand then it will not be as smooth creamy texture and the flavour will be different.
418132 1976 welcome wagon cookbook- tamarac, florida. can substitute 1 t. wine vinegar for lemon juice
55086 you can make these ahead of time to have ready for your guests.
386824 these easy drop cookies are the perfect mix between cookies and cheesecake.
117496 these cookies are chewy, delicious and easy to make.  they stay fresh for quite a long time and also aren't too sweet.  this recipe does not double well.
24987 i just created this dish this morning, making it up as i went along. just one taste told me i had a winner.
133516 this chicken creates quite an aroma while roasting!  you can leave the skin on and just peel it back to rub the spices on the chicken.
276941 tangy and delicious.  from the hors d'oeuvre book by c. castle.
435046 my fiance made this for me once to eat with our tostitos and it is so good. i never want to buy another dip again.
159039 basic choux pastry dough for eclairs, cream puffs, profiteroles, almond rings, crab puffs, etc.  these are much easier to make than i would have thought, and they have a nice tast.  you need fairly large saucepan because of all the stirring.  i got 16 half dollar sized cream puffs out of one batch.  this recipe comes from fabulous cake decorating printed by eaglemoss.
50661 the addition of crisp bacon to the carrots gives a nice lightly smoked favor. it has been a favorite with my family for many years. it originated in the 
431114 from darlene kossman. has grated apple in the batter. it only makes 4 waffles so double the recipe; really good.
218803 i found this on the back of my container of cinnamon.  i kid you not.  i did make a couple changes - less sugar & more cinnamon.  for the crust, find my recipe #218799.  i made this for dessert tonight & it is divine.  it's not as dense as some cheesecakes; it was almost mousse-like.  chilling time is not included in the cook time.
41253 this is good with 
359799 i  haven't tried this yet, but i know i will love it. i love anything with honey.
296851 this recipe is from the magazine our canada. it is easy and very tasty.  it changes the grapefruit into something a bit special
21597 muffins are good anytime of the day.
127591 serve pieces of this easy-to-make cake with a glass of cold milk or a cup of coffee and wait for the compliments...as well as the requests for seconds!!
48501 a wonderful simple recipe, great for gift giving!
16187 great flavor! i usually make them as mini-muffins (muffin gems) and give them as hostess gifts with a nice kitchen towel.
139073 a very simple and quick dessert that was adapted from an international recipe website. this recipe will also be included in the zaar world tour 2005 swap, britain.
400219 roasted crunchy chickpeas, made popular by low carb diets, now kid favorite sugar and cinnamon added! this is a high fiber, high protein snack! these crisp up as they cool. adapted from the sneaky chef cookbook.
432961 this recipe is based on one by maya's mama which i have adapted to our taste. i use krazy mixed-up salt & cinnamon to give these fries extra flavor. enjoy!
67660 this delicious salad dressing can be made from ingredients most people have right in their pantries. this dressing was served by one of the farms that comes to local farmer's market on saturday mornings. it was published this week in our local paper. our city has given plots of land for two local inner city farms to grow organic vegetable and herbs. the gardens are tended by the people and children of the community, and have been a great success. this yummy dressing goes wonderfully with the fresh greens that i'm able to get there in the summer
110916 i started making this years ago because i don't like horseradish. it dawned on me today that i had never posted this simple recipe. the chilling time is optional. i have used it many times immediately after mixing. chilling just blends the flavors a little more. cooking time is chilling time.
33122 these are what my grandma mac made when guests arrived and she had nothing sweet to go with the tea. it also has served as the first recipe that my children make and memorize.
243035 this was my winning entry in the annual power facts recipe contest sponsored by alabama power.  i think it was in 2004.  warning:  it's loaded with fat, calories and taste!!
445018 from ninemsn.
135233 this is a moroccan recipe published in the africa cookbook - tastes of a continent by jessica b. harris.
114573 this recipe came from my synagogue's women's league cookbook.  after i made this recipe i knew i had a winner when my children begged for them at every meal.
170250 awesome blueberry muffins which use either fresh blueberries or frozen.  yes the amounts for cinnamon and baking powder are right.  enjoy!
32420 a must at every summer barbecue! prep time includes marinating and refrigerator time.
281416 homemade...easy...basic ingredients
73818 cornmeal just adds that extra crispness that i love so much! i love these with some good quality all-fruit preserves. yum!
19091 hearty, stick-to-your-ribs pie.
421073 this is a easy basic recipe for couscous making it light and fluffy, not gummy. 
be sure to allow the couscous to absorb the water. 
it's a tiny pasta made of ground semolina flour. add spices, fruits, nuts, and vegetables you like. you can use a  flavored broth to also kick it up.
this can be used for a breakfast, side, salad, stuffing......
275897 found in taste of home, these sound great for a cold weather meal, maybe with soup, chili or stews.  made these to go with clam chowder and made a nice match - but after making them agree they need a 1/2 tsp. of salt and i think i'd personally (i love pepper) increase the pepper to about 3/4 tsp.
55351 found this in an old cookie cook book that i bought at a used book sale. they are very delicious and quite easy to make. enjoy!!
387563 this is a chewy cookie which i made up some years ago. it can be made with gluten free oats and gluten free flour, too.
the amount is a guess because i didn't make these cookies for about two years and can't remember how many it yields, but i guess it is something around 30 cookies.
124176 these are so fast and easy. something a little different for breakfast. they are wonderful with maple syrup drizzled on top, and no need to butter.
267729 moist and full of cranberries.  sweet with just enough tartness!  easy to make! these muffins are light and tasty and they freeze very well.  i found the recipe in christmas edition magazine from dec 06 and just tried them last week.  i have made them twice now!  we all love them.  i omit the pecans as my husband cannot eat nuts and we do not miss them!
117448 another one of my favorite cutout recipes.  i find this dough to be very easy to work with....especially when cutting out small or intricate shapes.  i like to make these cookies thicker than my other cutouts.  they're great for decorating and icing, too!
prep time does not include time for dough to chill.  makes about 4-5 dozen; depending on size and thickness of your shapes.
193145 from the ready steady cook show in australia.  suggested you serve with a salad or veal or chicken.  if using as a dipping sauce serve with fresh vegetable e.g. carrot or celery sticks.  there seems to be a general consensus that as it is it is bland but can be the basis for many different varities using different herbs and spices, examples given have been chives, basil or oregano.  please feel free to experiment.

181346 a warm creamy sauce that's perfect over pasta and chicken.
116243 this is my husband's favorite cookie.  i always double the recipe so i have some for the kids because dh eats them as fast as they cool.
26030 i love the taste of cream cheese and blueberries, these make a great breakfast treat or snack and it's so easy.
77113 a tasty way to do brussels sprouts.

278575 you can change this up a bit by adding crumbled, cooked bacon, or ham, or cooked spinach at the bottom of the ramekins.
264984 our own spinoff of tsatziki sauce, this is a great sauce served with grilled lamb, beef, or kbobs, and perfect with recipe #269198.
24751 a family favorite-fast, easy and delicious!
47373 quick and easy sauce for your veggies at any meal.
371122 i first tasted grits as an adult and was underwhelmed. but i really started to enjoy them with added ingredients, so i started thinking of how to improve them for breakfast. i realized that i had also disliked oatmeal made with water, so taking a cue from my mother, i prepared them with milk. i really liked the results, but not the cooking of them. so i threw everything into the rice cooker - yummy grits with no fuss. this recipe can be doubled readily.
48609 these potatoes are a hit everytime i make them. i received this recipe from my grandmother who always liked to experiment with ingredients, and these potatoes became a winner. the cream cheese and sour cream give them a smooth taste. this recipe is great for people who like sour cream on their mashed potatoes.
46322 this is an easy and quick soup to prepare. and the flavor is wonderful! i hope you think so too!
147621 potatoes, cheese, broccoli, ham, and carrots. this is a nice comfort food for those cold winter days.  i sometimes add garlic in mine as im a garlic lover.
339852 creamy, fast, easy and only one dish to wash. this is so fast to make that you can easily repeat the recipe to feed a crowd. the cooking times are approximate, check every minute to see that the eggs are done to your liking. serve with toast and fruit on the side.
265486 we've frequently had sticky-sweet sweet potatoes as guests.  they're good, but my family doesn't like their dessert for dinner! this is another way to prepare a traditional food for thanksgiving, and it goes so well with turkey.  it's fast and doesn't take up much oven space, either, so i figure it's a win-win dish any way you look at it.  for leftovers, my daughter likes to reheat it and add a plop of cottage cheese on top (which she then eats for breakfast).
432165 this is a wonderful appetiser, originally from famous german chef tim mälzer.
it is fresh and light with a lovely zucchini garlic onion taste.
without the bread, the zucchini cream can also be used as a dip for many other uses. i hope you enjoy. :)
262038 crepes have been a favorite in our family for years on sunday mornings. this recipe is the best we've found.
12055 these are so easy, like making really, really thin pancakes.
89854 this recipe is a family favorite. beaten egg whites make this batter thinner, everything comes out light and fluffy. this recipe needs to be prepared an hour before using.
200498 these waffles are amazing!  they are so crispy, you won't believe it.  tip:  cool leftovers, and freeze.  to reheat, put waffles directly on oven rack at 350 degrees f., and bake for 5-7 minutes.

62312 a recipe i found on the internet, posted by request.
110078 i found this recipe on the web somewhere and decided to try it. it is absolutely wonderful and the meat just falls off the bones. as my husband describes it they are succulent! this is a must in our family at least every other week!
24420 this is a great method for roasting garlic, so it can be ready when you start cooking in the evening. i've even done it overnight and started cooking in the morning. roasted garlic goes great with mashed potatoes, on pasta, or simply spread on crusty bread.
109333 this is very yummy, either for breakfast or for an after dinner dessert. the topping is crunchy and the cake is soft and fluffy. what more could you want from a cake?! it came from a klutz cookbook.
200388 for a long time i tried to find a recipe for waffles that would make them crunchy on the outside, not limp and soggy. these are great, i got the recipe from the joy of cooking
445100 this recipe reminds me of some roasted potatoes we had at victoria station restaurant at the burswood resort and they were delicious.
76907 no crust to roll out, much less calories, but still so delicious! has a smooth custard filling and a crunchy golden top. just dump all ingredients in blender, then bake. recipe from quick cooking.
84316 a vegetable quiche.
272737 as a kid i was introduced to cucmbers in vinegar but the vinegar taste is far too bitter and unpleasant to me and by tweaking the recipe i have found myself to eat 1-3 whole cucumbers at a time.
67426 complete comfort food. great on a cold day.
277748 they're thin but filling. these are designed to be rolled once cooked. but first your toppings such as jams, syrups, and such are spread. 

these can be made the night before. the batter just needs to be stirred first.
241782 this panini dances with flavor, it takes the idea of a po boy and marries it with grilled scampi.  thanks for catching the missing lemon juice in the instructions.
57763 avoid having to make the pie crust with this fantastic tasting apple pie. serve warm with a big scoop of vanilla ice cream. heaven!
115880 we eat this colorful, moist cake at our women's church meetings. it's really easy to make and very tasty. the almond flavoring really blends well with the cranberries. i buy bags of cranberries when there are sales during the holidays, then freeze some so i can enjoy this treat all year round. for those with hard nut allergies, leave them out, or try sunflower seeds or peanuts. vanilla extract can be substituted for almond extract.
48724 my family loves seafood, hence what some might think is an overly generous serving amount. this seafood dish is also delicious as part of a surf-and-turf meal along with a steak, plus it makes mighty fine party food.
375795 originally from canadian living magazine, these are delicious and easy. they are lemony without being sour, and not too oily. great with greek food, or anything really. these take a lot less time to make than similar recipes on this site.
483458 another yummy recipe i found on an australian cooking website! for zaar world tour 8
56357 amazingly simple and tasty dip!
200730 this sounds easy and tasty. from sunset.
259901 this is a wonderful little cake you can use with either fruit or ice cream.  it's also great by itself.  i love it because i always have the ingredients on hand for a fast dessert.
502947 i've tried so many different methods of poaching eggs and failed every time, until now. these turned out perfectly!!!
35571 these fries are precooked early in the day and finished when you're ready to serve. you'll be surprised how crisp and golden they cook up!! you can also put them on a cookie sheet after the first frying and freeze them to use later.
508008 scrambled eggs with a little something extra!  don't overcook the eggs.  just draw a spatula over the mixture occasionally instead of stirring constantly.  this will keep the eggs from becoming dry and crumbly.
140435 this is a tasty treat. not diet fare for sure!
100365 this recipe is from a taste of home magazine too. i will never buy a boxed corn muffin mix again. this was very simple, and they taste so much better! and they don't fall apart on me, like the boxed mix kind. super yummy!

23617 these are really a cinch to make, they make a nice addition to a holiday meal.
30965 these are easy to make and are the richest and fluffiest i have had!
238567 wonderfully easy delicious pancakes
42200 a beginner's recipe.
354371 a gruszecki tradition and now ours, is that each person gets a colored egg at the beginning of the meal, right after grace. each person uses his/her egg to tap on everyone else at the table, while wishing them a happy easter. part of the trick is to be the last one with an egg not crushed. after you smack eggs with everyone at the table, the egg gets peeled and eaten.

the following are a few hints that will help you cook the best hardboiled eggs:

the fresher the egg, the harder it will be to peal it. you should purchase your eggs 2 weeks before you'll be cooking them in order to get them to peal easy.

and, the way to get the yolk to be in the center of the egg after it's boiled, is to store them on their side. this relieves the pressure on the membrane within the egg that holds it suspended.

the green coloring on the outside of the yolk is caused by cooking them too long. cooking by the directions below will eliminate that.

for additional pictures, please visit:
http://www.capnrons.com/r_s_easter_hardboiled_eggs.html?id=rz
151888 recipes for use in the easy bake oven.
135930 this is the easiest biscuit recipe i have ever used.  i came up with it when i had no shortening.
276999 my mom made these for me when i was little. these are so easy & good. makes 1 serving.
240967 these are easy and delicious. hope you enjoy!
35859 this is a quick and very tasty soup that is very easy. i love it with a crusty bread and a salad for dinner.
261784 a quick, easy and tasty barbecue chicken recipe for the crock pot.
86689 my mil's easy, no fail date squares...make an extra batch of the date jam its good on its own...over bagels or toast.  if your date jam is a little thick.  add a little extra water to thin it out, until it is the consistency that you like.  becareful not to make it too thin.
47372 yummy way to have your eggs!
358515 easy french bread using the breadmaker to mix and the oven to bake.  the bread machine is a great invention, but i find the bread tastes better when it bakes in the oven.  prepare at least 3 hours before serving.  to make a regular sized loaf, change the number of servings to 1/2 a loaf.
268685 this is so good.  my grandmother was from ireland and she used to make this dish all the time.  when i make it, it always reminds me of her.  i hope you enjoy it :)
86618 i have been serving this one for years. it is the one vegetable i can count on my kids eating, and it is very quick and easy to put together. the kids (and i) love the flavoring the bacon adds. this makes soft green beans (not crisp), which my family prefers. cooks on stove top.
172631 an easy, quick way to make almond butter. use this to make mexican hot chocolate, or frozen mocha almond shake!
11763 i have used this cake for so many different things. its great if you need something at the last minute. its always comes out good. it's good just as a pound cake, without the drizzled lemon. we like it for strawberry shortcake.
96991 my family and friends just love this recipe! it's easy, delicious, and you make it the night before so there is no work in the morning. just pop it in the oven and by the time the table is set and coffee is on, it's ready! i believe this recipe came from the best of bridge cookbook. great served with fresh fruit or yogurt. can also be cooked in casserole dish on the barbeque so you don't heat up your house on a hot day!
353256 philadelphia cream cheese recipe.
382123 easy, 3 ingredients, yummy and gluten free!!!
293366 tired of losing half your egg trying to get the shells off? forget about all those other methods! the shells will slip right off these perfectly cooked eggs and you'll have tender whites and yolks done just right, no green. a bonus hint for seasoning your hard cooked eggs too!
247153 preparing the vegetables for this stock is so easy that i do it as i'm putting the groceries away. in nz celery is sold the right way, with all the leaves, so it's too long to go in my veg chiller drawer in the fridge. this stock uses all the top part of the celery, thereby solving a problem and not wasting any good food!  it also has the added bonus of making you look like a domestic goddess.  it makes about 2.5 litres of stock, which i freeze it small tubs so i always have stock on hand. prep time is about 3 minutes and the rest is put-your-feet-up cooking time. couldn't be easier.
85397 this recipe is so simple and so good. goes great with any kind of meat and vegetable. adjust the amount of ingredients according to the size of your casserole dish
474439 quick and easy sugar cookies. this quick and easy sugar cookie recipe is perfect for any occasion, and can be made with just the basic ingredients you already have in your cupboard.
355982 there are 104 recipes for sweet and sour sauce on the zaar, but none like this one.  lightly battered chicken or pork chunks, green pepper, onions, thinly sliced carrots, and pineapple chunks served with the sauce over rice make a complete meal.
15413 i learned this recipe when i was little and it is really easy to cook and you can share it with your kids. they are really good. if taken right out of the oven when the bottom starts to turn brown, they are soft.  if left in the oven a little bit longer, they will be a bit crunchier.
233700 ratio that i use to make pancakes that is easy to remember even early in the morning!
1-1-1-1-1-1-2!
336604 this is the way my family likes noodles served. it is easy and quick. start the croutons when you put the water on to boil and they should be ready when the noodles are done. of course, you can use extra butter but i try to restrain myself. once the croutons are mixed in with the noodles everything does become buttery.
93990 easy to make. i have had this recipe for over 20 years and no longer remember where i originally received it. cooking time is approximate total cooking time for all 16 egg rolls.
174249 my kids love these cookies, being allergic to eggs sometimes makes them feel left out.  not with these!

27809 this is a low cal do ahead side dish. make it as spicy as you wish.
205254 from julia child and more company.  she suggests serving over prepared spaghetti squash (and suggests steaming the squash as the easiest method).  i am persuaded by the reviews of recipe #162765 to recommend it instead.
106668 wonderful brunch idea that can serve large quantity with little effort! can vary the cheese or even the meat in this. great served on toasted english muffins
40092 this is a neat breakfast dish that my kids called home-grown egg mcmuffins. it eats like a muffin and is a complete breakfast.
163704 even though it may sound strange, a drizzle of extra virgin olive oil adds an exquisite new dimension (and amazing flavor) to fried eggs.
54677 this is just another way my grandma use to fix eggs for me when i was little. i still eat them this way today.
232757 3 ingredients in this simple dessert recipe! it is sweet, tastes a little like a simple bread pudding, and is pretty rich so a small slice is plenty. posted for zaar world tour iii. cook time includes chilling time.
270168 grab your holiday cookie cutters and get busy on these wonderful cookies!!!  the kids will enjoy making these cookies as much as they like eating them! yum!  use your favorite icing, frosting, or glaze on them, then decorate or sprinkle some jimmy's or holiday sprinkles or candies on them!  you can make these for any holiday party, but they are good anytime!  also:  a trick i learned when doing sugar cookies, is to flour your cookie cutters if you notice the dough starting to stick to them when you are cutting them out.  just make sure you tap the cookie cutter after flouring, so you don't get too much on the cookies.  another tip: when measuring flour, spoon tablespoonfuls into the measuring cup and do not pack down. do not scoop flour from the flour bag or container holding flour, as you don't get the right measurements, and your cookie dough will come out dry and crumbly. ( i got this tip for world famous baker, nick malgieri, at a cooking show in chapel hill nc a few years ago)
3064 this is my recipe for flapjack, inherited from my english mother. it doesn't have golden syrup in it, but you could try using 3 oz of lyles with 3 oz brown sugar and seeing how it turns out. i'm sure it would work quite well.   

345363 this recipe was featured in an email today from the www.kingarthurflour.com website.  this yeasty, coarse-textured bread makes the best toast ever, a perfect partner to fresh summer jam or preserves. a purely mix-it-slap-in-the-pan-bake-and-eat-it loaf, it's earned a place of honor in our king arthur test kitchen hall of fame.
97832 i've been making this shortbread for years. it's easy and quick to make, with only three ingredients. when i serve it at gatherings, someone always requests the recipe!
137172 light and tender inside with crispy golden outer edges, my kids often requested these waffles for brupper. that is what they'd call it when i'd serve them breakfast food for supper! this well-loved recipe is a classic from better homes and gardens new cookbook (1976)
205671 i got so tired of crowding the table with toppings for baked potatoes that i decided to premix them, using our favorites. the fat-ness of the sour cream, butter/margarine & cheese can vary according to my whim. use herbed sour cream dips to suit your fancy.  this is my one-handed response to please pass me the sour cream, butter, cheese, chives and bacon bits while i continue eating with the other hand. ;-)
32527 when i first saw this dip i was a little scared to try it out myself, but i didnt have any marshmallow creme or cream cheese. this was so wonderful that it is the only fruit dip i use! and it doesnt cost as much!
48245 another great dip recipe that is a classic at our house.
68091 this is so easy to prepare - and it tastes so good!
52999 this recipe was from an old church cookbook and is a favorite breakfast treat in our family-kids and dad!
169523 i absolutely loved this as a child and still do! very easy to make.
93900 this is a great low carb substitute for mashed potatoes! even my picky kids will eat this great side dish! very easy and delicious!
18653 fluffy, light, just sweet enough.
362873 . been doing this for years.
126334 yet another shortcake recipe- but this is my mom's and grandma's and therefore the only one that will ever really taste right with strawberries, as far as i'm concerned. have to say it's not really a 'short'-cake by the definition, it's just cake-like; also sweeter than the average biscuit-tasting variety. try it for something different. prep. time is approximate.
134001 haven't tried this recipe yet, but it sounds good.
274050 the recipe was given to me 25 years ago. this is a very quick and light breakfast cake.  not too sweet and delicate.
503818 posting this recipe for zwt and it is just like a salad i make for my family with the exception of this one not including garlic salt.  when i make mine i use apple cider vinegar and olive oil, along with the salt, pepper and garlic salt.  this is a recipe i found on about.com under the moroccan food section.
229483 this is a very easy recipe, and not too sweet.  add a tablespoon of vinegar for a sweet and sour sauce.  from extending the table.
37893 finnish coffee bread for a 2 lb. breadmaker on dough setting, but can also be made in a 1 1/2 lb breadmaker. prep time includes rising time. recipe adapted from recipe printed on genealogia.org)
504246 this is a tasty breakfast bar.  serve it with your favorite syrup. i found this recipe on the internet.
168286 in scandanavia, the word pancake is an almost generic term used for crepes, omelets & true pancakes, but mostly for crepes & omelets. the origin of this recipe is my “classic scandanavian cooking” by nika hazelton cookbook & the intro suggests using a very tasty & full-flavored bacon for the best result. if i were in the us & making this dish, i’d be using a thick-sliced peppered bacon or good maple-flavored bacon.
401127 my son and i love these as we can not eat gluten or casein this is the next best thing topped with maple syrup yummy!!
118047 this is an easy way to do scrambled eggs while you prepare the rest of your breakfast.  recipe can be halved very easily and baked in an 8 square baking dish for the same amount of time.  recipe from allrecipes.
29155 i got this recipe from a good housekeeping recipe book years ago and have committed it to memory. my husband loves these and will eat no other kind.
362360 these are the fluffiest scones ive ever made. they are so light and rise a lot, too. the key to getting them that way is to handle the dough as little as possible.
you can also turn them into fruit scones by adding a desired amount of dried cherries, cranberries or raisins.
115068 a very simple method of cooking asparagus, where they are wrapped in foil and baked, with nothing but a little butter and salt. so easy and yet so delicious!! my 2 1/2 year old daughter liked it too!
i've only tried this once and i followed the recipe exactly as set out, but i'd like to try it again, perhaps putting a few sprigs of herbs in with it. you could also try herb butter instead of ordinary butter. you can omit the salt if you like.
if you are making larger quantities you might need to make more than one parcel. you could even wrap each portion separately and serve them in the foil wrappers - i ate mine straight out of the foil, and i think it made them even nicer as they're still steaming hot and in their cooking juices, and you can keep all that flavour and aroma trapped in the parcel until you're ready to eat it! would make a really good starter served like this. although i suppose it depends what kind of guests you've got - if they're used to silver platters they might not be so impressed with silver foil!! but i would be! :)
114709 this is a very simple and quick french bread. it has a finer texture and more of a chewy crust than what you get from the bakery.  i found this in an bon appetite years and years ago. i sometimes make rolls rather than loaves. with this coming together so quickly you can easily make large batches; with two students helping to shape the rolls i've made 6 batches, start to finish in under two hours. prep time doesn't include rising time.
64854 from america's test kitchen. really works!
153034 a tried & true method to have eggs in your house at all times. make the most out of those great sales that happen just before the holidays.
i have entered in the #1 just to post this recipe.
44115 a homemade alternative to the durkee brand. i use these for casserole recipes when i can keep them from being eaten first.
122916 my friend marina found this recipe last year, and has making it ever since at least once a week. its the only vegetable her son likes.
18583 this is a no-fuss microwave potato dish that really makes a hit. i serve it for special occasions, as well as any old time. it's from the book microwave cooking by beverley piper.
70394 this syrup makes plain pancakes or waffles into a gourmet treat. it's also wonderful drizzled on ice cream, cheesecake, or simple cakes. i've even put a spoonful into a glass of lemonade or club soda which makes a beautiful rosy, refreshing drink.
77351 so much better than canned! you can adjust the amount of sugar (up to 1 cup) according to your preference. my mother and grandmother made this the same way for as long as i can remember.
33498 a wonderful bread adaptable to any season of the year. it freezes well. one of my most requested recipes.
96087 this is really a crepe and not a shell, to be used in your favorite manicotti or cannelloni recipes. these are tender, and in my opinion the flavor is nicer than store-bought. the batter can be flavored by the addition of dried basil or oregano, or use your imagination. simply place the filling in the center of each crepe vertically, then bring each side towards the center, placing seam-side down in your baking dish. voila! you have a filled manicotti with none of the time and mess associated with trying to stuff a store-bought shell. i find this method alot more fun ! they will expand during baking so allow plenty of room in your baking dish.
35392 aboriginal style fried bannock.
375710 this is from the best of ukrainian cuisine.  i haven't tried it yet.
84493 makes a great side dish for any meal. to make it easier, use unseasoned prepared hash browns from the refrigerator section of your grocery. cook time is approximate per batch.
39505 these potatoes are great! a perfect side for ham or pork.
131300 recipe from box of argo cornstarch in the early 80's. this batter is light and tasty. posting recipe as request from one of my sons.  this batter is great for zucchini, but can be used on any thing you would like to fry up! many reviews complain of the lack of seasoning.  i have taken the garlic powder up to 1 tsp. and it helps, a dash of hot sauce works well too.  if you must, sprinkle lightly with additional salt immediately after removing from the frying oil.  another tip - i prefer the thinner batter for a lighter and crunchier coating on the veggies (the thicker batter just seems to be too doughy for our tastes).
129192 here is the recipe i use to make a topping for peach and apple crisps.  posted in response to a request for a topping for a blueberry crisp.  recipe originally from southern living... an excellent one for any fresh (or canned/frozen) fruits.  i love the chewiness the oatmeal gives.

prep time does not include the time needed to prepare fruit.
304002 these ice cubes are fun to add to lemonade or other refreshing drinks. you could substitute any type of fruit, depending on what you have on hand. i like these in iced tea or lemonade. prep time does not include freezing time.
15173 feel free to use more garlic with this recipe.
197560 perfect garlic butter dipping sauce or as a gravy. delicious! this is adapted from a more complicated sauce by chef emeril lagasse.
270287 talk about a one-dish meal! ever heard of cooking your scrambled eggs on a plate on the stovetop? with garlic (powder)? yes it's the most wonderful and creamy eggs ever! if you enjoy standing next to the stove, stirring gently for awhile while chatting or reading the morning paper, or watching the news, this is the perfect dish to make. my dad would cook this for me, then he would serve it, on the plate, on top of a brown grocery bag (so the plate wouldn't burn the table). my dad, the frugal everything. :)
be sure to use a thick 'restaurant' quality serving plate for this dish.
62199 i've never really like the flavor of fresh green beans until i prepared them this way. i always get a request to make these from my husband. i think he would eat these everyday if i let him!
138221 i had a craving and couldn't find a recipe so i made one up myself. these are so good.
194360 these green beans taste like they have been cooking all day!!
556 this is the best ..one of the few recipes that is mine  this started off as a  mistake, turning back and forth in a cook book we make this  every friday night  and have pizza and movies in the living room..   garlic pizza crust
7875 yum!

note from uc86: this is a recipe i adopted...i hope you enjoy it!
170085 quinoa is a very high protein grain which originated in the andes mountains of bolivia and peru as a staple food of the incas. it's gluten-free and rich in l-lysine, phosphorus, calcium, iron, b vitamins, and vitamin e. a yet untried recipe submitted for zaar world tour ii.
10808 i adopted this recipe from zaar some time ago and finally got round to trying it myself. it's quick and simple and full of fresh flavours. i prefer using basil but the original recipe stated parsley so i left it here for you to choose. try adding some sliced black olives, fried or marinated mushrooms or sun blush tomatoes at the end.
44730 a simple but flavorful way to make fresh green beans. found this recipe somewhere on the internet a few years ago.
50973 this muffin makes a perfect bread accompaniment for steaks and roast. the recipe comes from  a taste of cuba and was sent to me.
252175 my aunt received this recipe when she was living in germany years ago.  it is awesome! hard to mess up, easy to change the flavor.  i can't eat store bought cheesecake anymore, because this recipe has me spoiled.  it is very important that the cream cheese be allowed to soften to room temperature so that the cheesecake will be creamy.  the recipe listed is for a plain cheesecake, you can make any flavor though, by using different extracts, or adding berries, chips, etc, or by topping with pie filling, etc.  i usually have a little bit of the crust left over.
i have found that the top doesn't crack in a 13x9 glass baking dish, but it does crack when baked in a springform pan.  if you aren't going to be topping it with something, you could throw a dish of water in the oven while the cheesecake is baking to help prevent the cracking.  i never do.
170258 this sounds like a good, heavy breakfast my husband would love! i haven't fixed this yet, i'm submitting it for the zaar world tour 2006. but i'm a-thinkin' i'll be fixing it for him soon! i wonder about whether to stir this concoction near the end, the recipe doesn't say! i would just eyeball and do what i think is right for me. (edit: this recipe has gone into my tried and true file, we love it! )
240550 my grandmother got this recipe when she and my mom lived in germany.  

this is my all time favorite way to fix potatoes.
46621 this is something i have to make once a week for my children. it is an old recipe passed down from my mom. :)
61108 these are very thin pancakes and they are a real favourite of my kids! i usually have to make a double recipe to make sure my husband and i will get some too! my kids love these and in mennonite tradition these are eaten as a supper! funny eh?
216474 i discovered this recipe in lee lee's recipe box.  the description to the recipe reads as follows: these giant-size popovers are made in individual containers to allow lots of room for rising.  they can be filled with creamed ham, chicken, or seafood and served as a main dish, or they can be served piping hot with plenty of butter.  be sure when you make these to spread the custard cups out.  these babies puff up pretty big ; )  i hope you will enjoy them!
79039 a different and sweet way to serve carrots that everyone enjoys. recipe source: bon appetit (may, 1980)
40452 this is a great recipe from the good housekeeping all-american cookbook. i used to hate eating carrots until i tried this recipe. kids are guaranteed to love this recipe! it's quick and easy and made from foods that are around the house.
22684 a yummy glazed carrot dish done in the microwave. add salt and pepper to taste, if you wish.
93026 i had severe reservations when my wife first ininflicted these on me, but they are wonderful! and easy to make!
217633 get more veggies in their diets and no one will be the wiser. this recipe makes a lot - 12  servings - so feel free to scale it down to fit your family.  or make the whole she-bang and freeze portions of it for later.
230115 i used to use krustease buttermilk pancake mix for many years, always  wih success.i don't know why i even tried this recipe, but i'm so glad i did! i hope you will try it and enjoy it too. if you have a small or medium ice cream scoop, it's great to scoop up the batter and pour it onto the griddle! feel free to add your favorite fruits, chocolate chips, even trail mix into the batter.whenever i make pancakes, i always prepare the batter the night before, it just seems to make them better. i always throw away the first one, maybe two pancakes, until the grill gets just right.source: kvvu
381030 fast, cheap and easy!  i was making peanut butter cookies the hard way, had a long talk with gramma and she scolded me in her way and said dear, this is all you need, and here's what you do....  after making her cookies a called to say how great they were, all she said was i told you so!.  so easy my kids make them by themselves now (with a little supervision) !
27764 once you get a taste for these, you're going to want them. you're going to want them a lot. kids really go for them. serve these with lingonberry preserves, they taste really scrumptious!
67114 this is my grandmothers recipe for macaroni and cheese. serves about 8 comfortably, more if its served as a side dish. i had to guess at the serving size as she says depends on how many are eating and how hungry they are. very tasty! this is creamy, cheesy kid pleasing (and adults love it too)!
234811 this is my 3rd generation swede husband's grandmother's recipe. she came to america as a young woman. it is my husband's specialty and a family favorite.
103356 my grandma made this; we have it at thanksgiving.
95315 recipe courtesy of paula deen and the food network. i like to make this one in nordicware's 
123977 from my ex husband's grandfather.  boys, this is where the eggs i cooked came from.  he was  a cook somewhere and they showed him this method.  the eggs are very soft and perfect. don't overcrowd the cast iron pan with eggs.  it's time consuming, but worth it if you don't have too many.
51058 this is the way my granny made pancakes. all the grandchildren had to have them when visiting. we sometimes have them for supper with good ole pan sausage!
8757 soft all the way through. you can make big cookies with this dough!
183836 pears work equally well.  nice when friends come for coffee.
11281 this is an old german recipe my great-aunt use to make. every one in the family loved it.
229464 these are the perfect compliment to any greek cuisine. very tasty!!! i serve these with recipe#229467 & recipe#229464 for the ultimate greek meal!
32566 these potatoes have so much flavor and taste to them, they are delicious!!
310983 had this wonderful breakfast dish at sarabeth's of key west this past weekend.
162873 as fast as you can heat a can of veggies you can have this special side ready to serve! i hate canned green beans yet this is one veggie my dd will eat without complaint. this forced me to find a way to make us both happy. hope you enjoy this one!
401458 rather nice beans!  can be made richer with the use of cream and butter, or calorie conscious with yoghurt!

from readers digest : quick and thrifty cooking in south africa
185591 nice green bean dish that can be prepared ahead of time. from bon appetit.
9055 goes well with beef or pork.
86030 this is a simple way to serve garden green beans with summer herbs. adapted from new mexico magazine (march 2004)
230804 baby green beans tossed in olive oil and parsley.  we always have parsley growing in our garden and we love beans.you can steam the beans in the microwave if you prefer. you can use butter in place of the olive oil if your not keen on the oil
210169 the original of this recipe comes from the 1972 the ideals family cookbook. this is a nice way to jazz up an otherwise bland vegetable! if nice fresh green beans aren't available, use packaged frozen ones. [note: the ingredients were changed on 23 apr 07 to reflect suggestions made by reviewers.]
399656 i got the recipe from canadian living and it is a really nice rice with a subtle flavour. if you want more flavour you could add green salsa or hot peppers. the rice is meant to be served as a side to those dishes you don't want to have overpowered by the side. quick and simple.

266163 a bit different, and oh so yummy!
45131 take 2 frozen orange juice cans, empty, wash and dry. these will be used to mold the polenta into tube shapes that you can then cut into rounds.
292921 one of my found cut-outs from a magazine at some point and time in my life.  sorry i can't give more information.  i'm actually quite surprised it is not already on 'zaar but i do need to save it for future reference as my goal is to one day not have one cut-out recipe anywhere in my kitchen but have them all saved here on 'zaar. :)

123265 saw this made on a foodtv show.  it is so easy and would be great with some ice cream.  this is being posted for the strawberry swap.
47651 a roux is the base of numerous cajun and creole dishes. in louisiana, natives have a joke about how long it takes to make the roux for certain dishes. etouffee is usually a 1 beer roux while a full fledged gumbo is a 2 to 3 beer roux. obviously meaning how long it takes to drink the beer. the cook time will vary depending on how dark you want your gravy. note: the measurements i used are normally what i make for a sunday pot of gumbo, southern style. that means it makes a lot! you may want to only use half for normal people!
85048 this is a nice treat from the middle east. makes a nice gift too.
177876 a simple and delicious breakfast. i was surprised it wasn't already posted here.
94624 great for breakfast, picnics or just a snack.
33555 this is a pennsylvania dutch recipe my mom has made all my life and it is my favorite dish. she usually serves it alone or with some small side dish, because everybody fills there plate with the pot-pie. my husband never heard of it till i made it for him. now it is one of his favorite dishes.
94993 what a hamburger bun should be. substantial enough to handle a big burger with lots of toppings and yet have an excellent flavor all of its own. this is more like the kind of bun you'd get with a gourmet hamburger in a restaurant. if you are looking for one like grocery store buns, light and fluffy, these aren't what you are looking for.  (and yes, it really does call for 1 cup of oil)

69215 are you on a low carb diet? miss those hash browned potatoes with your eggs in the morning? here's a great substitute!
445706 i love hasselback potatoes and this one has some lovely flavours incorporated, from recipes+
11984 this is a moist, sweet bread. children love it and never know that they are eating a vegetable. many years ago a friend went to hawaii and gave me this recipe when she came back. i baked it for my children and it was always a favorite after school treat. now my grand chldren enjoy it. i think you and yours will too.
214733 when i say cider vinegar i don't mean the kind you buy in the grocery store, but the kind in the health food store.  it is the one with the mother in it--i use bragg's apple cider vinegar.  the mother is the goodness of the apple and you can see it in the bottle--just shake the bottle and it gets all mixed in.  apple cider vinegar is wonderful for you.  it was used in new england years ago as a cure-all for everything.  the bragg's vinegar can be used as you would use any vinegar, but has a tad less bite than regular kind--it is very good.  this tea is refreshing and you will find that you want to have a cup.  my mom and i drink this.  my mother's aunt drank this every day of her life.  hummmmm.....
312755 i thought of this one night when i was craving apple crisp and was watching what i was eating.  now i have it as a dessert and there is no need to feel guilty!
433827 these country-style home fries are a wonderful accompaniment to any breakfast, brunch or (in my family's case) breakfast for dinner.  they turn out buttery and savory with a crispy brown outer coating.  i like to serve these home fries when i make breakfast for dinner for my family.  we enjoy them with a juicy, smokey ham steak cooked in my cast iron skillet with a side of baby peas.  yum!
78684 i found this recipe on the precious brand ricotta cheese container in 1975 and have been making them ever since! our friend, patrick, calls them heavenly. these are such light, fluffy pancakes that it's hard to stop eating them! i double or triple the recipe for my family of 6.
106002 my mom passed this recipe on to me several years ago and i have been making it for every holiday dinner since. they can be made ahead, eliminating the need for mashing potatoes on the big day! i sprinkle a little paprika on top before baking to give it some color. prep time does not include time it takes to boil the potatoes.

56268 this is a home remedy for that horrible cough that you just can't get rid of, and best of all: you probably already have all of the ingredients!
13373 my mother used to talk about making her own cheese back in the 
242966 fresh is just so much nicer then the pre-packaged kind that uses picnic bacon and tastes like cardboard.  these fry quickly and you don't have to crumble the slices after frying them. there is no need to separate the pieces. they will separate during cooking. use these in any recipe calling for crumbled bacon or bacon bits.  perfect for salads and baked potato toppings or twice baked potatoes.
78432 i love homemade hash browned potatoes. sometimes good hash browns are hard to come by in a restaurant so i came up with my own recipe. i use red or yukon gold potatoes for these. for best results, prepare the potatoes using my recipe #77231 recipe.before making these. figure one medium potato per serving. this gives the potatoes a jump start and prevents them from absorbing a lot of the grease and sticking together. these are really good with gravy on them. prep time does not include the time for preparing potatoes cook time is approximate. if you are using a skillet that is not non-stick, such as aluminum, preheat it on medium-high heat for 2-3 minutes with nothing in it. not even oil.  this prevents the potatoes from sticking to the  bottom of the  pan. use caution when adding the bacon to the pan. originally posted march 10 2003 edited on june 10, 2011
170876 these hash browns can be made just a day ahead, or frozen for future use.
49836 sick of craving hashbrowns and finding that all the frozen ones in the supermarket have tallow in them? make this recipe. it's simple and it's good. a good reason not to bother with the bought version.
502353 this delicious bread is from the blog bakingdom.  it's absolutely delicious (i know, i said delicious already), but it really is!  and... you slather the top with honey (raw and local, if you've got it, or agave for vegans), and top it with oats.  sooooo.... delicious!  while i haven't tried it with ww or spelt flour yet, i plan to.  if you do try it, just know the weight of the flour will be different, so go by cups instead.
85686 a former hairsylist turned me on to this secret for a cleansing shampoo for color-treated hair. commercial cleansing shampoos are made to throughly cleanse your hair (ie remove all product build-up), but they also strip color. this homemade version helps to prevent stripping of color, but also throughly cleanses your hair. it is also much cheaper and can be made with products already in your home. i love it and use it once per week!
167729 this recipe is from bellaonline.com. i don't use them, much, but a lot of people do. here is your chance to contron the ingredients in yours. any white bread will do for making panko. an asian chef i once worked with swore that the best homemade panko came from wonder bread! the yield will vary according to how large you make your crumbs, so i am guessing.
308257 my grandma passed this recipe down to me when i was 13 and i have always gotten good reviews.  it's super simple and quick to whip up before a party or bbq.  i know it sounds like the recipe is lacking something, but trust me on this one!
297282 this recipe came in my email from king arthur flour.  i haven't tried it and i am posting by request.  it looks delish!
88812 this is easy to make--just make sure you use 1 tablespoon of cornstarch per 1 cup of sugar.
24476 this is a big hit at my house and pretty cheap to make too!
134481 no need to purchase at the store. make your own
29318 if you ever need self-rising flour and do not have any, this is what to do. it will save you a trip to the store.
390393 oh no!
just found a recipe that calls for self rising flour and you look and don't have it? don't fret for it easy, quick and inexpensive to make at home.
please do weigh flour for the best way to get a perfect baked product.
this recipe can be doubled or tripled.
124136 this has the taste of butter with the spreadability of soft margarine, the combination of oil and water reduces cholesterol and some of the fat, if desired you can make a large amount and freeze, before you start make certain that the water and butter are at room temperature or you might have trouble mixing the water and oil into the butter.
40489 here's the recipe for a flavor-filled tomato juice that is not ho-hum!
372497 this is an old amish recipe. and i love it. you can eat it for breakfast, have it with lunch or it can be a nice desert.
14918 i got this recipe from my good friend teresa. they taste so good. :)
225178 this is the method used by restaurants to whip butter to make it easier to spread, and for economical reasons to make butter go a lot further too. you can make it fancy like restaurants do by putting this mixture into a cake decorating tube with a fancy tip and pipe it into small dishes for individual servings. i have even used a plastic bag, cut off the corner, placed a fancy decorating tip in the corner, added the butter mixture and piped it into tiny dishes i got at the dollar store. one for each dinner guest is a nice touch.
i store the whipped butter in a glass covered container on the counter top in cooler weather. in warmer weather i store it in the refrigerator and bring it to room temperature before using.
159994 this recipe is credited to pat hockett in wrangell, alaska and was printed in the february/march 2006 taste of home magazine.  it sounds like a simple way to add excitement to fresh baked bread, muffins or cereal.
359156 this recipe is from greengiantfresh.com
150844 a wonderful side dish!
102699 i got this recipe from top secret recipes and it is the honeybaked store recipe (or duplicate) that they use at the store. the hams are delivered at the stores already smoked and cooked; they are then sliced with the signature cut and then this recipe is used to caramelize them using a blow-torch. top secret recipes only keeps this recipe up for two weeks on their site a year. the spices are ordinary pumpkin pie spices and you may substitute that for the first three spices. to get the coating just right, you must use a blowtorch. if you don't have one, you can find a small one in the hardware stores for around $15.  oh, eleventhletter - i loved your suggestion to put it in a can of cola and baste it with that!  wonderful!  then, when it's done - put on the sugar crust!
497916 honey butter is very good on homemade white bread. i ate and made this many times as a kid. you may also use peanut butter instead of butter. delicious!

200596 this comes from a pampered chef recipe meant to be served on bagels.
258829 i found this recipe in instyle magazine and tried it. i was amazed at the instant effect. my lips were smooth and not chapped right away.
468592 a delicious, nutritious fool-proof bread using ingredients in your pantry!
75257 make your morning special by serving honey pecan cream cheese with warm bagels, croissants, or even serve as a dip for fruit.
363221 this is easy to put together and my kids eat it and ask for more. the secret here is to keep it simple.
91080 yum. it's all in the name. i'm not sure on how many servings but i'm thinking 24 cookies if you make them the average cookie size. i tend to make mine a little bigger, cuz my hubby's a cookie monster.
365502 this recipe comes from the australian women's weekly muffins, scones and breads cookbook. it makes for very tasty, just slightly sweet and quite healthy scones. i like them best topped with either cheese or some jam.
note: cups refer to the australian standard measuring cup, which equals 250 ml!
39646 these cookies have a unique and delightful flavour. one of my taste-testers swore she could detect nutmeg in the batter, and declared it the secret ingredient (there is none). these crispy, thin cookies should be stored in an airtight container. recipe from krystel at allrecipes.com.
429739 posted in response to a request. clover or orange or other floral/mild honey works best. i strongly suggest  you use butter, rather than margarine, as i think it simply tastes better. from the betty crocker website.
260311 a nice side dish for a roast chicken.  can be done a day ahead except for baking.  cover and refrigerate.  the next day, bring to room temperature and bake as directed.
397144 a nice spread for scones, toasst or croissants. a recipe from canada's ricardo in his cookbook ricardo meals for every occassion that i received from katzen my cookbook swap partner.
47750 you won't be sorry if you use a little of your pecan stash to make these! i got this recipe out of southern living magazine.
423494 middle eastern from recipegoldmine
25209 a very simple side dish that looks colourful on your plate and will impress guests when they come over for dinner.
81608 unique and tasty party dip. some people won't recognize the asparagus and will wonder what's in it.
129971 this is a twist on classic hot buttered noodles.  these are perfect for any occassion and are super simple to make!
102941 i used to get this all the time at a nearby coffee shop when i was in college, and it's still a favorite lunch. at home, i generally use whole wheat instead of the original white bread, mustard instead of mayonnaise and a slice of processed cheddar cheese instead of american. tastes great either way. really be generous with the pepper!
235630 quinoa makes a great gluten free hot breakfast /porridge. 5 to 10 minutes and it is ready.
189335 for those of you who do the best you can 
everyday to take care of your families, and yourself. enjoy!
424532 this is when you run out of cake flour. i use this all the time. no need to buy cake flour anymore.
507769 make your own oat milk! this is a great tasting option that can be made very quickly and easily from 3 simple whole ingredients: oats, salt and water. you do need to soak the oats overnight, so start soaking the night before you plan to make it. 
there are several benefits associated with drinking oat milk, including prevention of cancer, stroke and heart disease. oat milk has no lactose or cholesterol, and is full of vitamin e, fiber and folate. unlike other dairy alternatives, oat milk can be made easily (and cheaply) at home. oat milk also contains thiamin, riboflavin, niacin, vitamin b6, calcium, iron, magnesium, phosphorous, potassium, zinc, copper and manganese.

from veggies and me.
421986 i decided to toast my quinoa today and will go through this step by step as to how i did it so it came out nice and golden. i always make a few extra cups of quinoa because i know i will want more.  it takes time to do this right, but it is worth the effort in the long run.
303247 this is a simple how to recipe for roasting garlic in the oven.  super easy and the flavor of roast garlic is so sweet and creamy.  our favorite way to serve it up is to dump the roasted garlic in some good olive oil seasoned with salt/pepper, and serve it atop french bread.  certainly you can use roast garlic in many different recipes!
187484 this is a method to take the backbone out of a whole chicken so that it lays flat and is easy to grill
36538 another one of my mom's recipes. what can i say, she was a great cook!
66809 i received this recipe from a friend at work. this is a simple cookie, yet tasty! i like them because you can keep them in the fridge and bake as needed! (prep time includes 1 hour of chilling time and the yield was estimated, as they never stay around long enough for me to count them.)
34837 this is a great dip for kids.
201776 this is too easy - can be used on toast on in recipes requiring a bit of marmalade.
181281 i got the basic recipe for this from la dolce vegan, but found it to be quite flavourless. i played around with some spices and got this recipe, which my whole family loves. hope you like it too!

this recipe can be easily doubled, tripled, ect. do not change the resting time.
263527 from penzey's magazine (vol. 2, issue 4); attributed to hope moberg of royal oak, michigan.  i loved the idea of individual crisps -- portion control is everything!
30803 an easy side dish for those once a month cookers out there who want to come home to a dinner already made and just waiting to be heated up!
456475 wow, fast and super easy this italian salad!

found in http://ricette.giallozafferano.it/insalatina-con-fragole-al-balsamico.html.
posted for zwt7
363253 last weekend i undercooked my hard-boiled eggs and decided instead of putting them back on the stove i should save time and microwave them for a minute.  well, the eggs exploded (i salvaged the pieces).  now you know why my nickname is runs with scissors.  ironically, i came across instructions for hard-boiled eggs in the amish cook at home just as i was getting ready to make more.  the amish cook says cooking a hard-boiled egg isn't as simple as throwing it into a pot of water because the timing is important (you don't want an overcooked or undercooked egg).  thanks to the amish, my shells came off easily, the eggs cooked perfectly, and i didn't microwave anything.
20910 this dish is still widely made in ireland - it is sometimes called green, white and gold or sunshine. lovely flavor combination with the carrots and parsnips
445557 this is the most amazing shortbread ever.  flaky and rich, and very very simple; i've never had a shortbread that compares to it.

note: i use salted butter. if you use unsalted, you may want to add a pinch of salt.
137617 irish cuisine originated in the kitchens of the farmers of the past from good, wholesome food made with locally grown produce. a famous irish staple is the potato. whip those into an old, easy standby and you have a great lunch, especially with a bit of sausage on the side. posted for zaar world tour 05.
62058 crispy on the outside and soft on the inside, this bread flecked with herbs, is an almost identical version to the bread served at the popular restaurant ramano's macoroni grill. i came across the recipe after becoming addicted to their bread and craving it constantly (thanks to google search and cafe michele). it's a great bread to tear and dip in flavored olive oils and to serve with your best italian pasta dishes, or soups.
64142 easy, delicious spinach side-dish
171106 another great recipe from jamie oliver. i made these a couple of times and everyone liked it!
314941 soft, light, sweet and floral. goes well with asian dishes.
4892 this is a thin, crisp dough.  its awesome from my friends italian grandma, who is no longer with us.  her dough lives on.
114271 i got this recipe over 20 years ago after my friend barbara made this for a church valentine dinner.
131426 a recipe i received from a friend of mine who did a little experimenting on making scrambled eggs in the microwave.  ended up being a really good recipe
23198 a great and easy way to make pork...the other white meat ;-)
170174 this is a traditional, danish summer dessert, slightly adapted.  very cooling and refeshing.
243205 wonder, rich, and something people don't expect.  you will have people wanting this recipe once you serve it.
there are variation at the end that makes it even richer.
238833 found this on another site...purported to be authentic lebanese cuisine. we think it's great!
110071 light and crunchy chips that are practically guilt free. found this recipe on radicalhealth.com.  i reduced the amount of salt called for in the original recipe thanks to some of the reviews.
51780 a quick and simple side dish made with an amazing vegetable.
170083 this is my foolproof method for crepes.  there are step-by-step photos in the french forum to go with it.  use oil for savory crepes, sweet butter for dessert crepes.  depending on your taste and the weather (humidity affects the batter), use anywhere from 6 - 8 eggs.  and check out the crepes! cookbook for dozens of crepe fillings and recipes posted here on 'zaar.
129867 if you want a surefire hit...

these take a little more time to make - in mini muffin tins...but you cannot stop eating them and they disappear at any party in a flash! this is a labor of love to make individual mini tarts [make it much faster by making a pan's worth and cutting into squares like brownies]- but everyone asks for the recipe now... a pretty easy way to spread more joy in the world...

everyone loves them - even if they don't like nuts... or pecan pie!

87395 a simple dip for chips when you need something fast & don't have time to go to the grocery store. a family & kid favorite!
75660 in general when a recipe calls for kitchen bouquet i use soy sauce. however, i found a roast recipe this wouldn't be appropriate for, and therefore found this recipe on the internet (www.recipegoldmine.com). to be honest, the first time i made this i didn't even follow the instructions, i just tossed some brown sugar in a pan, melted it and added water. but it worked fine. so i hope this is useful to whoever wants it.
186146 you really can make these rolls in an hour.  i have used this dough to make quick cinnamon rolls.  these directions are for a kitchen-aid mixer.
77397 except for the the milk and small amount in the egg, the cake itself has very little fat and using low-fat milk will keep the fat to a minimum, i have stated the egg as optional, i strongly suggest to add it in for a more cake-like texture --  if you are looking for a fancy cake to serve then this is not it however for the ease of this cake it is darn good and makes a great weekend brunch cake, it's like a combination of a cake and cinnamon bun all in one,  ridiculously simple to make as it's all mixed by hand and takes like 5 minutes to throw together, try adding in some chopped strawberries, apples or blueberries, raisins or dried cranberries, this recipe is a blank canvas, so go ahead and add in fruit, nuts chocolate chips whatever you wish, and to kick this up a notch drizzle recipe#120835 on top :) --- servings are only estimated
172980 i've have been making this for years, it's still a family favorite! adjust all ingredients to taste.
322149 the amounts listed are only a guideline you may adjust to taste and make as many sandwiches as desired :)
367843 when i make this i make lots and then freeze in bags using my food saver storage system, this method saves time and not to mention the greasy clean up that comes with frying, i  pour the grease into a pyrex measuring cup then save and refrigerate overnight or until hard then scoop out a few tablespoons at a time, freeze on plates then i place in freezer bags to use in recipes to add flavor, you may save or discard the grease --- since rz system would not accept one ingredient i have listed 1-1/2 pounds bacon separately, you may of course use as much as you like.
271545 this is the only method i use for the best poached eggs, you will never go wrong with this recipe!  you may of coarse increase the eggs to whatever amount desired, the addition of a small amount of milk will create a softer egg :)
333064 don't be afraid to roast these until golden brown that is what gives these flavor! --- you may use thinly sliced garlic cloves in place of the powder however i find that the sliced garlic tends to burn while cooking, the choice is up to you --- remember to remove the outer leaves on each brussels sprout and the sprouts should be completely dry or water will accumulate in the bottom of your pan while roasting
47670 this is delicious served with syrup or ketchup - your preference, and served alongside eggs. we also like to eat it here in lancaster county with milk - or just browned butter - right after it's cooked. (before putting it in the loaf pan) otherwise, pour it into the loaf pan & let it cool, then keep it in the refrigerator until cooled completely & it can easily be sliced. this recipe is so simple, i was almost embarrassed to post - but it's what we eat here - and i've seen numerous requests for this - so here it is! enjoy!
347784 these are very fun and versatile raw food bars.  the cashews can be replaced with any nuts, any dried fruits, coconut, oats, or any combination thereof for endless variations.  just try to maintain the 1:3 ratio and you'll be fine.  originally seen at bunnyfoot mostly vegan blog.
28440 a very quick way of cooking carrots for when time is short! i have been using this recipe for 30years lol.
edited to add:
i now have a julienne peeler (like a potato peeler only it cuts nice slim sticks) and this recipe is ideal for cooking carrots shredded with it. :)

107697 this is a very simple, but delicious brunch casserole - almost like a crustless quiche. we had this for our lazy day new years brunch (our guests come in pajamas and stay that way all day - hence the name). it's very colourful and quick to throw together, especially if the cheese is grated and broccoli is chopped the day before. don't chop the tomatoes ahead of time though as they tend to get soggy and lose flavour if refrigerated.
326533 recipe from epicurious.com. and bon appetit, october 2008 edition. this can be made kept in the refrigerator up to one week ahead of serving. before serving the confit rewarm and than serve.
40764 you'll never buy bottled barbecue sauce again when you taste this - and so easy and quick to make! requires no cooking. a long time favorite of our family.
24138 lovely carrots for two.
234615 from betty crocker's new eat and lose weight cookbook.
75514 this was submitted by sher. sounds fancy enough for company and easy enough for an every night dinner. serve with rice, noodles, scalloped taters or your favorite side dish for a great meal.
75755 i adopted this recipe in 9/2006.  the name alone was enough to get my attention as i love lemon.  these have a very subtle lemon taste - they more like a sugar cookie actually.
206009 this is from my simple foods for the pack cookbook. this would be good tossed with tuna, peas and pasta.
149476 this was put together by me and my mother.  my family has fish once a week, and my mother used to just make it plain.  since i like sprucing up things, we decided to put a simple (and i mean really simple) recipe together.  if you have a convection oven or an oven that includes convection cooking (like mine does, and it also allows for baking and custom broil), than try this simple recipe.
107774 my daughter just loves these sugar cookies! they are super easy and delicious! serving size is a guess.
130729 from the best recipe cookbook by america's test kitchen. fabulous pancakes like the ones in restaurants! perfect basic recipe for embellishing
62315 a tasty blueberry sauce. low in sugar, so less calories than most recipes. good served over pancakes, ice cream or dessert. this is a small recipe, so you may want to double it.
55506 that's right -- a lighter version of scalloped potatoes. no cream or cheese but lots of taste. when i make this, i put it in a couple of casseroles, cook it and freeze. an easy side for a quick week night meal.
271728 i make these when i make turkey dinners for thanksgiving and christmas. they are glazed but not overly so that they still mix well with all the other fixings that go along with turkey, gravy, potatoes, stuffing, etc...
43194 this cake is yummy and quick as lightning to put together!
369222 this is my favorite little vanilla pound cake.  it's perfect for 2 people.  it makes a great base for strawberry shortcakes!  top it with whipped cream and drizzle with chocolate... yum.  i have done a bunch of diferent things with this perfect little cake. it has a wonderful texture and melts in your mouth.  you can easily double this but don't double the baking soda, just leave it at 1/8 teaspoon.
394244 this one is going on the christmas table too.
398464 from my cooking bible: cooking - a commonsense guide
42780 mom got this recipe from somewhere a long time ago and passed it on to me. just multiply the amounts according to how much fish that you have to fry.
249265 i had a recipe book for kids when i was young.  i have since lost that book but i remember this recipe well as it was one of my favorites.  for kids too young to use a knife they can just use a plastic apple corer and then stuff the toppings inside the apple.
109146 another variation on a cauliflower for potatoes recipe. we really like the flavor of the cream cheese and touch of garlic. you can also use this instead of mashed potatoes for shepherd's pie - it's really good this way!
68462 a tasty, healthy and low fat dish for summer. this is my french husband's recipe, he made it up himself, and he hopes people will try it and like it. it is a fast, cheap, good and good-for-you dinner. we eat it as a main course, but it would be equally good as a side dish with grilled meat or fish.
151061 my mom makes this to put over low-fat vanilla yogurt and fruit.  very tasty!
155168 my brother is in construction and needs an easy, high-protein, low mess lunch each day. i started making these for him in large batches and freezing them. he just takes one out of the freezer each morning and it's ready to eat by lunchtime!
186199 from the food writer for the macon telegraph.  use a very good milk such as brown swiss for a richer drink and also use the good vanilla. this is one place where it will make a difference.
298040 i ran out of powdered sugar today and decided to make my own.  since my dd (darling daughter) bought me a magic bullet for christmas i used that to make the sugar.  it was fast and so easy and the clean up was a snap.  you can use raw cane sugar or plain white sugar for this. i added the extra 1 tablespoon of sugar in this recipe because zaar wouldn't let me publish this with only one ingredient.
130132 one of libby's old newspaper clipping recipes. i haven't tried it yet but it looks good.
294395 you'll love having this side dish handy.
recipe makes 7 cups of mashed potatoes.
71205 i made this recipe last year for thanksgiving. it's very good and saves a lot of time. you may have to lengthen your crock pot cooking time.
12223 these potatoes are wonderful, and so easy to make for your party.
61405 this salad looks odd but what good flavor it has. real easy too! i had it for the first time last summer at a picnic and had to ask for the recipe. i am not sure of the serving amounts. (prep time includes fridge time.)
166779 this is the sauce from my reggae wraps recipe. after several people asked me to post it separately i gave in. this sauce is great on just about anything but shoe leather! wonderful on asian cuisine, indian dishes, just about anything that is grilled or spicy! try this on tacos, burritos, grilled meats, seafood or veggies. hope you enjoy it.
79309 when i was a little girl and i would get sick, my mama (mary in la) would always serve me creamed peas on toast. it was light enough for an upset tummy but filling enough to make a sick little girl not be hungry anymore. i never could make it like mama could until now. i finally figured out where the recipe came from! it is from a book called 
274561 if you like a glazed ham try this. leaves your ham with a sweet crunchy topping
70470 this is a delicious corn bread with a subtle taste of maple syrup. i made them once, then lost the recipe. i was so disappointed, that i searched high and low until i found it again. my family was extremely happy!!
259926 this came from rummaging through my friend's fridge & cupboard when i was staying in canada recently.  everyone was shocked when i put maple syrup into a marinade, but it tasted great - even the kids loved the results.  works very well with pork and chicken.
134936 this is for the world tour 2005 recipezaar event. i've posted it in the canadian section.  i haven't made the cake yet, but hope to soon.  
the recipe is in the time life good cook cakes cookbook.
188639 this is one my dh makes for almost every pitch-in party.  we have never had any left to take home. any of your favorite finely chopped nuts would be fine.  parsley would work, if there are allergies.
107869 you will not believe how scrumptious this quick and easy bread is. store it wrapped overnight before slicing.
224611 got this from the april 25th edition of the ottawa citizen.
174735 great cornbread recipe, very close to marie callendar's..kinda sweet but oh so good!
37054 makes a wonderful moist chicken with crispy skin. vegetables stuffed inside cavity add great flavor.
340668 my dear friend marilyn shared this recipe with me. it is a holiday favorite at her house. i did find two recipes on zaar that were similar but omitted the mayo which is a yummy must have ingredient in this recipe. this recipe doubles very well.
366061 this is great to use as your salad dressing, or as a salad topping with additional dressing.  you can also serve this as a side dish, especially when tomatoes are plentiful in the summer months!  if you prepare this during a dry tomato season, plum tomatoes are a good substitute.  this recipe came from southern living.  please note:  cooking time is marinating time!
173837 i've been cooking hard boiled eggs like this for years.  it really works.  a tv chef recently suggested draining the water and shaking the boiled eggs in the pot in order to crack the shells, then submerge them in cold water to cool........makes for easier peeling.
31041 the easiest noodle recipe i know. tasty too. great for chicken and noodles. there is nothing quite like homemade.  time includes 2 hours of drying time.
184479 this is for amanda: she loves my mashed potatoes but can't make anything without a recipe!
362825 a quick and easy way to make mashed potatoes. adapted from zip n steam website.
75554 this is a cooking light recipe that makes mashed carrots tasty. canbe vegan by subbing out for the butter.
79145 this is a lemonade-based fast prescribed for detoxification and weight loss. i found it when i was looking to detox my body. it was presented to me by a highly regarded holistic nurse, sandra duggan, who is one of the co-founders of the cayce-reilly school of massotherapy at the are. according to the book she gave me, this is a healthy way to fast because between the lemons and the maple syrup you get all the micronutrients you need to sustain the body. grade b syrup has higher contents of those macronutrients so use it if you can find it. also, organic lemons are best. you can leave out the cayenne if you are spice-averse; its role is to help break up toxic deposits within the body. the citrus can do that as well; the cayenne just helps it go faster. it would be well to get a colonic during the time of your fast in order to aid along the detox/weight loss process. i used the fast for 2 days and lost 10 lbs that week (though weight loss was not my goal). use this fast with spiritual goals in mind and you can achieve great results.
106582 my neighbor, meg, shared this recipe with me. i've fixed them for holiday meals several times now and they are a big hit with my family! everyone asks for the recipe, so now i'm posting it here.
58921 this bread is so yummy that it will be gone before you know it.
234958 i great filling for stuffed mushrooms!
391506 i got this from the food network website. these are amazing. i didn't cut them in the slices like fries i cut them in thin slices.
197960 my mother spoke of having bonfires when she was young, growing up on long island. the kids would throw potatoes into the fire.  she said they would be burned and hard on the outside with light fluffy potatoes on the inside. when cooked this way, the outside is very crisp and crunchy, and the inside nice and fluffy. we throw a bunch of potatoes into the oven of the wood cook stove many, many nights during the winter months. we frequently put them in the gas stove, in warmer months, when cooking a roast, or other oven dinner. but somehow, mickies are not the same unless cooked in our home comfort! we always think of mother when we have mickies.
368388 i'd forgotten about this! so easy and tasty, you may end up very addicted.
390251 fast and easy.  eat it hot like oatmeal or wait till it cools to slice and fry.
148484 a quick and easy microwave recipe for mashed potatoes. this is a great way to make mashed potatoes without heating up the kitchen when it is hot outside.
118761 i have been poaching eggs in the microwave for many years.  for me this is the best way to prepare poached eggs for 2.  it is quick, easy and almost foolproof.  please make sure you use a toothpick to pierce the yolk before cooking or it will explode!
110150 this is a quick breakfast on days when you are short of time but still want bacon and eggs. recipe source: bon appetit (january 1981)
132202 we always eat carrots this way, my mum came up with this recipe. we like them a lot.
16489 this is so rich and buttery you'll claim it's worth a million bucks.
21512 i never had flan like this--it's a cross between a light custard and a cheese cake! i make it in individual molds or in a tube pan. this recipe won't disappoint!
119923 saw this made on a foodtv show and thought it would be fun to make with ds.  we tried the other day and he had a glorious time.  they are quite tasty too.  make these as spicy or salty as you want.  change the seasonings for totally different snack.  please note that they can quickly go from baked to burnt.
59553 this is a great substitute for the real thing if you are on a low carb diet like atkins. good way to get your veggies too,even if you don't like cauliflower.
158767 this is a basic, cheap vegetable side dish that is filling and it gives you something to do with canned veggies that is a little different.
322625 this rich dipping sauce comes courtesy of my wonderful brother-in-law ... a very good cook!  i had this at his house and blackmailed my sister into sneaking out the recipe to me.  worth it!!!
25039 this was a staple at our house when i was growing up. my mom made this about two times a month and often had to double the dumplings! since my mom is not good at exact measurements, i tried my best to recreate this great one pot meal from her verbal instructions. she calls this chicken paprika, but i am told it would have to have sour cream in it, and it doesn't, which is fine with me :) ****note 1/15/08: i've adjusted the quantities of salt and paprika because depending on what kind of chicken you use, different amounts of water will be used, needing different amounts of spicing.  you may also increase the pepper and garlic, if desired, but be careful as garlic should not be a dominant  flavor in this dish.
262230 warning: this salad dressing might not fit your tastes.  proceed with caution! :)

my brother and i had one choice of dressing for our salads growing up...mom's.  i've tried for years to get her to give up the recipe but all she would say is sissy, i don't measure.  you have to make this one from your memories.

this is my attempt to create the dressing i grew up with and loved!  it's not for everyone but it sure is a hit in our family.  (my brother pretty much refuses to eat any salad without it.)  

thanks mom!
195430 my mom always made this when we had company.  any leftovers are superb on toasted bagels the next morning!

129456 quick low-carb snack. i find that these work better than some similar recipes that use shredded cheese. the spices on these really 'pop' too - yum!!!!  i've also used colby-jack cheese, and it works great.
108359 this recipe was given to me by a friend several years ago. sadly, i immediately misplaced it and just found it today (big grin). it is positively delicious!!!  not included in the recipe but as the photos show, you can also drizzle the top with a mixture of confectioners sugar and water.....just make it to the consistency you prefer.
219357 you'll never buy store bought buns again. these are excellent. make an extra batch to freeze for future cookouts! first posted on king arthur flour site.
63460 not like a pancake at all but solid fruit, lightly bound together with a bit of batter. this is what they say about this recipe in swarovski magazine (july 1997): this delicious, wholesome recipe was rediscovered by franz steinlechner. it is a very old dish which used to be popular with the local farmers during the blueberry season. they collected the wild berries, which are plentiful in the tyrolean countryside, with a specially designed square wooden shovel with metal bars at the bottom to rake the berries out of the bushes. blueberries are also used to make jam and schnapps. this dish was originally made with a pancake dough but franz felt that the lovely berries should be more prominent, hence his blini recipe. it is very quick and easy to prepare. the blinis can be served as a warm dessert or as a main course following a hearty soup. a glass of milk is traditionally served with moosbeerpascherln.
41957 these are a tasty, quick, easy to prepare appetizer. they have the added advantage of being able to prepare them several days in advance and freezing until needed.
90227 when baking your favorite muffins a sprinkling of one of these simple to make toppings makes for a nice touch. well worth the few extra minutes it takes to prepare. if you only sprinkle half it will appear that you have made up two kinds of muffins...adding variety to your serving tray.
207270 this is a really easy one. in romania this is most commonly eaten with fish or grilled pork or chicken. it is great with many things though (french fries, pizza etc.) this is a slightly more complicated version that is more common in transylvania. in the south the ingredients are usually just garlic, salt, and water. a mortar and pestle are most traditional but you can also use a garlic press or very finely mince the garlic as well.
9770 my mums famous recipe!
180624 a super easy spread delicious on heavier breads or your morning toast.
98377 this came from a friend of mine. its really easy to put together and delicious.
253351 my version of beer nuts.  i hope you enjoy these yummy nuts.
215036 after countless omelettes turning into scrambled eggs...i finally mastered this egg thing.  this is simple, yet delicious!
106873 this has been the pancake recipe for my family since i was able to eat them. i don't know where my mother got this recipe but it's the best i've ever had. they rise up nice and high. i sometimes add vanilla and spices like cinnamon and nutmeg. very tasty!!
118784 my mom has the amazing ability to turn the mundane into something awesome. never fail, one of my 5 brothers or sisters would ask for this every night. simple, tasty, attractive and goes with just about anything. you can adjust the amounts to your liking as potatoes come in all sizes. southern all the way!
51537 the only pie crust i will use anymore. its flaky and slightly sugary and oh so easy to do. note: due to some major discrepencies please use a good quality oil, preferably a vegetable and a good name brand like mazola, it may not seem like it will make a difference but in the end it will, also use new oil not something that has been sitting around for a while.
18103 this is a 
19298 i absolutely love olive garden's alfredo sauce, so i love this recipe because it keeps me from spending my money at a restaurant. it tastes exactly like it--it's amazing.
353129 based on a recipe from lora brody's cookbook, pizza, focaccia, flat, and filled breads from your bread machine -- perfect everytime. in her introduction she says, did you see the movie? if not, rent it to eat with this version of the pizza it inspired. there's nothing like sharing a great pizza meal with julia roberts.!
168227 my mom,(called nana by her grands), made these for us for years.  they truly do melt in your mouth .  if you are a blue cheese fan, these are for you.  a fix and forget main dish.  i always serve either rice or noodles with it so i don't miss any of the yummy gravy.  also, she  used very thick bone in chops, i mostly use the  boneless ones, but they really should be thick ones, no matter which type you choose.
7926 simple ingredients that don't overpower the flavour of a great steak.
286003 easy to make and hard to mess up!
78942 we like to make these every new year's eve. adapted from a recipe that once aired on a holiday special on food network, but truly altered to our tastes. i found that it isn't necessary to use vats of oil for these. we started serving these with sour cream and salmon after eating them this way in restuarants in germany. cook time is approximate per panful. serving amount is also a guess - i have never counted how many this makes. usually, they are gobbled up as fast as i can get them onto the platter.
91311 noodles are easy; they just seem hard. try this recipe; you will find it is perfect every time.
108172 i found this while buying a cookie cutter for dh's b-day. the claim is that these cookies won't spread during baking, so it is perfect for intricate cookie cutters. make sure you preheat the oven for at least 30 minutes.
105830 the secret of these is to start with a cold oven and not to peek for the entire baking time. delicious and super simple to make. we like them for breakfast with butter and honey or strawberry jam. to clarify, i have a popover pan that makes 6, big, tall popovers with this recipe, that is what is in the picture.  you will get more and may have to adjust the baking time less if you use muffin pans as they will not be as high as the actual popover pans.
194745 from the new york times, nov 8, 2006.
adapted from jim lahey, sullivan street bakery.
time: about 1½ hours plus 14 to 20 hours’ rising
486856 a very easy and tasty pork chop.
328972 this recipe makes 2 loaves of delicious bread.  people come to norma's to just buy this bread.  norma's has three locations in pensacola, fl.  this bread is really good!  after nimz's review, i had to add...i usually half the poppy seed amount...i can't afford to use that many poppy seeds...however, norma's original recipe, and the one that people line up for, has the full cup in the two loaves!
207729 a warm, deep taste that really envelops the mouth, with two different levels of nutty flavour. a heavenly experience! i suggest using quality -crunchy- peanut butter (where the ingredients = 100% roasted peanuts only). one bowl recipe.
85600 i cut this from the winnipeg free press food section on february 25, 2004 and decided to post it here for safe keeping! i plan to try this soon! cook time does not include the 1 hour chill time for the dough.
483860 simple, easy & delicious.  so much better than those packets.  nice that you can add or substitute fruit or other items as desired.  smells yummy cooking.  found this on sweet happy life.
40383 here is the best of both worlds, when you can't decide which is better. i feel like, at least we are eating something sort of healthy. ( do ya think?)
396869 this is a very refreshing recipe i have used for years.  it comes from the bag of ocean spray cranberries bought in the grocery store.  this time of year cranberries are plentiful where i live (in fact i have a huge bag 21 pounds in the refrigerator) so right now i try to give new recipes a try before the fresh ones have to go into the freezer.  give it a try it goes great with your thanksgiving dinner.  enjoy!
173244 while many acadians settled into what is now lousiana, others settled into parts of canada influencing the cuilinary traditions of that nation.  this 100 year old recipe is a family fovorite from the kitchen of darlene dorey and found on the internet.  i love raisn cookies and this one truely looks a winner. the original posting did not offer cooking times or yield, but i'm estimating for this untried recipe based on baking experience.  once tested, i will modify.
170320 it's so nice to feel that your indulging when your really behaving yourself quite nicely! these are low fat and, if you swap the small amount of sugar for splenda, they are sugar free. i do recommend using butter instead of a substitute. it doesn't ask for much and the result is worth it.
145591 when i was in mexico, one of the silliest but best things i remember eating, were homemade soda crackers that were served with our meal. they were still warm right out of the oven, and heavenly. we had them in a quaint little restaurant in a village called taxco. these are just like them! it makes a lot, but you won't believe how quickly you'll go through them!!
342751 from mr. food cooks like mama, c. 1992.  easy sauce to spice up hot dogs!
232279 got this from a copycat website it is the closest thing i have found so far. very tasty. the rising time is included in cooking time.
425617 from greek-recipe.com,a recipe that comes from corfu.
522925 i had one ripe banana, and didn't want to toss it or freeze the mash. so i made them into muffins. ^w^
141646 simple recipe for when you just want a cookie or two, (and don't want a whole batch waiting to get eaten!) it is easily adaptable to most any flavor; and also great to eat as dough (no eggs).  i leave out the baking soda and salt because i don't care if my cookie rises, as long as it tastes good.
339702 these noodles are wonderful if you need a quick side dish. they use ingredients you may already have in your pantry making them a great last minute dinner addition. the recipe comes from canadian living's make it tonight.
99238 this is absoloutly delicious! i found this recipe from whole foods market.
9418 'dressed up' carrots
73473 my sister gave this recipe to me. it's a nice light change from the cream cheese. the citrus compliments a carrot cake very well.
12455 a flavourful dinner for 2 or a really hearty dinner for one. great taste!!
139975 this is a recipe that is the same as one my mom makes, she has been making it for years and it has become a staple on our holiday table.
it's a variation on the traditional sauce which produces whole cooked berries with a touch of caramel.
hope you enjoy!
393035 this is my favorite way of making bacon, no mess, no cleanup!
comes out just like fried bacon crispy, fries in the oven in it's own bacon grease. the pepper is optional.
39652 i've had this recipe for many years...not really sure where i found it though. this is a really delicious recipe that is quite messy so have plenty of napkins on hand! enjoy!!
111988 these are nice and convenient to make when roasting a chicken or pot roast in the oven. i usually make it with baby carrots but sliced carrots may also be used instead of strips. seasoning is very simple, which i'll often change depending on the meal.
11476 easy to prepare and quick to table.
107546 this is a delicious side dish for ham, pork or even chicken. the sweet potatoes, coated with brown sugar and spices are a little sweet and a little spicy. quick and easy.
37825 cooking for a crowd? a really big crowd? use this easy recipe for an easy egg dish.
247977 chicken thighs have been the real bread and butter of my diet since my second year of college, when i started having to cover my own grocery bills :)
this has become my all-time favorite way to spice them.

if i need a side dish, i usually chop up an onion, sautee it for 30 seconds in the pan, and toss the onion and a handful of cherry tomatoes on top of the thighs and bake everything together.
121038 i was looking for a potato side dish to go with a meal and found this one that i had collected on the internet sometime in the past. i didn't have time to follow the oven directions so i cooked it in the microwave for 12 minutes. the family seems to really like paprika, they ate this up.

i did some searching and the creator of this must have been a writer for toh.
65112 healthful, spicy, side dish that even some people who don't particularly care for sweet potatoes will like.
152719 this is a recipe that i picked up on a recent trip to central market in dallas, tx.  sounds like a healthy way to prepare sweet potatoes.
380917 a make ahead recipe my mother gave me from an old taste of home magazine-1995.  notice that you refrigerate the batter, then let it get to room temperature in 30 minutes before baking.  if you have celiac disease, zori's review might be helpful to you-- she wrote dr schar's gluten-free cake flour + 2tbsp potato starch (it makes gf flour stronger) and corn oil in stead of butter.
42292 great make-ahead breakfast casserole.
124403 once again i am giving out a recipe i vowed never to reveal! what is with this site? this has got to be the easiest sour dough recipe, purists beware! it is overnight so it's not the real thing. however it works perfect when camping. we just put the ingredients into separate ziplock bags and if we are in the tent we put the bowl of starter to sit overnight in the car. these also double nicely, they are great!!!!
208434 the plain version was a staple during my dad's depression-years childhood; but we rarely had it when i was growing up.  my children expect this at least once a month as a regular feature on our saturday morning breakfast menu or when we have breakfast-for-supper.  prepare the optional sausage and hard-boiled eggs ahead of time, and it goes together quicker-n-anything!
84345 quick & easy - a great way to cook thin asparagus!
155018 pan-roasting broccoli results in a carmelized flavor, a completely different taste using broccoli, salt, and pepper. adapted from cook's illustrated.
106670 this recipe uses ingredients we all have on hand, flour,sugar,baking powder,salt,eggs milk and oil,...that's it! light and fluffy, the taste is out of this world!
357947 this is a super simple oven 'pancake' that goes together quickly! you may use your favorite toppings (i.e. syrup, fruits, jams or jellies, honey, butter) to dress this up however you like!
385944 this is my favorite breakfast recipe.  i make this is huge batches & freeze them.  i place in the microwave for 30 sec. & they taste like they just came off of the griddle.  these work perfect for the morning before school- i don't have to make a big production & make breakfast & the kids don't have to eat just cereal before school.  i make one batch plain, another with either fresh blueberries or chocolate chips!  if you don't want to make a huge batch, just cut the recipe in half.  enjoy!
139897 easy to make paneer, and much better than store-bought.
54703 this is a very quick shrimp with a lovely flavored coating. i like this with a potato and salad.
146682 a very easy appetizer.  make as much or as little as you like. i've had this delicious recipe for over 25 years and got it from a caterer.
93187 a two ingredient delight! watch them carefully while baking to avoid burning. perfect for low carb diets!  from the recipe institute.
76314 great side dish!
76311 a combination of parmesan cheese and mayonnaise makes these delicious potatoes crispy and creamy at the same time. goes well with meat, chicken and seafood entrees.
289736 this recipe is a favorite of a local doctor that was printed in our town newspaper back in 1989. if made in extra small pieces, it makes a great appetizer or hors d'oeuvre. larger sized pieces of potato make the perfect side dish tor most any entree.
378313 this recipe is from the 1995 publication, the simply healthy lowfat cookbook.
67815 this is a healthy drink, especially for the blood. try to use organic produce. i read somewhere some time ago that organically grown carrots contain 60% !! more beta-carotene than commercially grown!
246297 everyone can make a pie crust with this recipe. i found this in an amish cookbook. try it, homemade is always better.
85985 my brother used to call these rotten potatoes, but they are delicious. so much for brothers.
84560 this is the best scalloped potato recipe i've ever found. it came from a church cookbook years ago.
482401 this recipe is submitted for play in zwt8 - spain.  it was found at easy spanish recipes.com.

this dish is an easy to make classic spanish potato recipe, roughly translated, this means poor man's potatoes. 

it is commonly served as a tapas or as a side dish with  meat and fish.
113651 another easy sandwich that my boys liked.   they had trouble with onions, but i chopped them really fine and i don't know that they knew they where there, did you guys, lol.
95711 my husband made this for me one sunday morning. i make it all the time now. great pick-me-up when you have an energy leakage. make sure you have lots of milk on hand when you eat this!
387986 these pancakes are off the hook.  i add extra flour just to make them thicker.
133295 i don't know exactly how elvis ate this sandwich (i think he fried it), but this is my family's way of making this sandwich since i was a little girl. i craved these terribly while i was pregnant.
edited to add-reviewer bev is right- miracle whip makes it better than mayo! i used honey roasted peanut butter on my last one and it was (with the miracle whip) the best. sandwich!!! i could eat one everyday!
163192 i fix my toast this way every once in a while. very yummy warmed. sometimes when i am in a hurry i will just butter the toast, spread peanut butter on it and prinkle the sugar on top but mixing it all together gives a better overall taste.
126230 an excellent quick breakfast sandwich i created.  the blend of gooey peanut butter and sweet apple is irrestistible with the satisfying crunch of toast.
18020 i bought my cuisinart back in 1983. this is the very first recipe i made in it, and have made it many times since.
30630 this is a delicious crust for cheesecakes or pudding pies.  you may also use other kinds of nuts.
8587 if you like pecan pie, you'll love these!
270613 these are a hit each time i make them.  cute little pecan tarts!  great for christmas trays!  i've also put chopped cranberries or mini chips in them to vary the filing.

396377 great use of toasted pecans.....don't forget this step, that is what makes this butter taste soooo good!
34682 a fine recipe for a sunday breakfast or brunch. serve with fresh fruit.
135100 great for christmas or anytime of year- especially with coffee or cocoa and they are lowfat too!  if you like them spicier feel free to up the ginger and/or use fresh! 

world tour 2005 sweden desserts
102423 i love sharing these two ingredient recipes, though this one may sound a little odd. i must admit when i heard a chef on tv say that freshly ground black pepper on sweet cantaloupe is exceptional, i was thinking more like- bizarre! but once you taste this, especially you cantaloupe lovers, you may never eat it any other way.
397646 see tim ferriss's video on how to pop' the egg out of the shell.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pn2gyhjnt3y
20191 truly perfect. perfect for trifles, perfect with fresh fruit, perfect with caramel sauce, perfect on its own.
68491 this may seem simple to most, but as an amateur chef i know i sometimes need help with basic cooking techniques! so here's a simple way to hard boil your eggs!
424018 from modern greek.
faskomilo is sage which grows abundantly in greece and is collected at the end of summer. this tea is widely drunk as a soothing medicinal tea to cure colds, sore throats, inflamed gums and upset stomachs.
138082 no fail! never undercook or overcook your eggs again. i came across this method in my search to avoid the ugly green cast that yolks take on when overcooked. add on a couple minutes to soak time if you use jumbo eggs.
180640 just basic jasmine rice from the pressure cooker.  i kept burning it until i got the timing / ratios right.
204753 this is my version on how to cook perfect rice....every grain will cooked to perfection...not one will stick together and you can make fried rice dishes right away with no problems!!
note: you will need a saucepan with clear glass lid...as there is to be no peeking!
can easily be doubled....cooking time a guesstimate.
407156 i got this one from the best recipe by cook's illustrated. it's a very easy way to make brown rice that comes out perfect every time. no more sticky, clumpy, waterlogged goop! this rice is tender and separate and delicious. 

notice that the ratio of water to rice is much less than the oft-quoted 2 to 1. this is the key to this recipe, so make sure to measure carefully.
208601 poached eggs can be intimidating, but with this easy method you are guaranteed perfect poached eggs every time, whether you like the yolks soft and runny or firm.
138394 this is a very flavorful and simple way to roast a chicken.  recipe inspired by barefoot contessa.
109070 these are your standard traditional english roasties. imo there is an art to making these, at least the perfect golden crispy kind that i grew up with. the trick is to give 'em a good shake in a colander after par-boiling to rough up the edges of the potatoes. then once roasting; position spaced apart, turning only once or twice and basting in the hot oil every so often. if you don't manage the crispy texture (which you will, if you do the above!), they'll still taste excellent. you can't go wrong. i sometimes like to sprinkle rosemary/paprika/thyme or even a little garlic on top of mine for extra flavour.
87034 these pancakes are thick and fluffy, and the center stays moist and tender. after a lot of attempts to find a perfect pancake recipe, i made this one up, and have been so happy with the results!
140936 i am fortunate to work at a place where the manager of the cafeteria is a moroccan native.  our mutual love of food has resulted in endless exchange of recipes, spices and samplings.  (indeed, some of the items now served in the cafeteria are recipes from this site.) one one occasion, i was lucky enough to be able to share in the lunch he prepared for the staff. i love eggs and his were just amazing.  this recipe from world vegetarian seems like a close approximate - though i know his version included a generous bit of cumin and cilantro.  i'm posting the original here and will begin to tinker.  once perfected, i'll post that version as a second recipe.  will experiment to see if this works as well with canned tomatoes.
424424 posting for zwt6 for iranian dishes.  this is a recipe from the the bbq bible  no persian meal would be complete without rice.  here is a simple steamed rice recipe that is great with an of the persian kebab recipes.
96978 a very light and refreshing salad that goes well with everything. the longer this stays the better it taste. you will also notice that the liquid increases as the salad sits.
5170 it was the fall of 1987 when pete nyhus walked into our office, just to visit. we started talking about breakfast, and he reached into a wastepaper basket and pulled out a scrap of teletype paper. he wrote out this recipe, and my family has never used pre-mix since.
471567 this is a traditional recipe from my fathers family.
there a many versions of them. for this reason i will give alternatives for the ingredients. 
traditional it is eaten with parma ham and rucola.
you can fill it with cheese or whatever you like.
these should be more cripy than mexican tortilla and should be eaten just after cooking. don't store them tight, they would turn too soft.
fold the warm piadina and fill it with your favorite ingredients.
170079 this is one from a german grandmother.
she will often cook hamburger with onion and make a gravy to blend with it to pour over the pink potatoes.
161852 these are delicious little nibbles.  i love their simplicity--they are quick to put together and can easily be made on the spur of the moment for an impromptu gathering, but can also be prepared up to a day ahead. the recipe is adapted from one published in in style magazine. prep time includes 15 minutes refrigeration time.
16051 my all time comfort food. it is not a yorkshire but just as good i think. but you must not beat in the eggs or flour. it should be really lumpy and 
415970 have been asked a few times how to cook quinoa. i strongly suggest it be toasted using  chef  #10404
 recipe #16399 as it makes a world of difference in both taste and texture.
119234 this is one delicious meal that will never get old, and is simple to make!
392345 the fresher the eggs the better this works.
311875 this is a traditional polish side salad. its usually served with chicken or pork escalopes but its delicious served with gulash or any other meat dish. also it makes a cooling and refreshing end to any spicy dish.
for a low fat version replace the sour cream with fat free greek yoghurt and you will get an equally delicious salad.
69848 diced potatoes cooked in milk, butter, garlic and thyme, then baked in oven with monterey jack cheese sprinkled on top. you will love this!
351744 this recipe came from the packaging on the popover pan i bought from williams sonoma.  i've tried a few other recipes on this site that call for starting with a cold oven, but this one turned out much better.  this is half the recipe on the package, so it makes one 6 cup pan worth.  unfortunately i cannot provide guidance on how to convert this recipe to a muffin pan, hopefully others may post notes.
250456 i found this recipe in a taste of home over 13 years ago.  it is a tried and true recipe that is especially satisfying on cold evenings.
269786 after looking though 108 fried potato recipes and seeing none that contain parsley, but no onions, i thought i would post this typically portuguese version of fried potatoes. the mixture of oil and butter keeps things from burning, but for health reasons i usually use less of the butter. i allow between 30 minutes and 1 hour cooking time to get a more even colour that slower cooking gives and depending on the variety of potato used.
131218 my grandma was pennsylvania dutch and this is the very simple recipe she used to create a savory, mouth watering main dish.


these are the dough squares that are added to your favorite broth. another comfort food that brings back fond memories of mom and grandma's kitchens.
 

my favorites include: ham, beef, chicken, or turkey.  some have told me they have also used ground beef but i have yet to try it that way.


if you have never made this dish, it may seem difficult at first, but after a couple times you'll be glad you didn't give up, because it really is simple to make and it's delicious.
38367 a mashed-potato type of soup. very comforting.
263069 this tasty side dish can be made ahead of time and refrigerated until ready to bake.
88833 another cool nigella lawson recipe for one person.
138992 this irish potato recipe is a great way to use leftover baked potatoes! i love potatoes!!!
230752 i found this recipe in my cookbook called four ingredient cooking, by joanna farrow, it is described as best-known spanish tortilla.  you can add red/yellow peppers, cooked peas, corn, grated cheddar or swiss cheese into the mixture in step 2, if you like, and season to taste with salt, pepper and any herbs.
91195 this recipe is from everyday food. the original recipe calls for 2 teaspoons chopped fresh rosemary. i choose to omit it. being onion lovers, i added a whole onion rather than 1/2 as the recipe stipulated. note: it's okay if potatoes are not cooked evenly. some will be browned; others only 
transparent.

the original recipe suggests using an 8-inch skillet.
40735 these are unleavened indian breads. when cooked with oil they are called 'parathas' and when without oil, they are referred to as 'chapathis'. have them with any curry and taste best when eaten hot - straight from the fire and onto your plate!
170591 posted for zaar world tour ii, this simple chilean dish is from eliana parra and sundays at moosewood restaurant. serve it with salsa de cilantro (pebre) recipe #169978 and, even though the recipe does not call for it, top it with your favorite grated cheese.

51568 surprisingly tasty side dish, even though it may look bland from the ingredients. don't let that keep you from trying this!
227585 from contemporary and traditional tapas dishes.  i just love the dip!
49801 nothing like a great bowl of potato soup done quicker than you could believe with your pressure cooker!
450136 from a beautifully presented cookbook titled southern to the core received in cookbook swap 2011 from busymom of 3.  must admit with this style of bread i like to spread some butter on the slices when i serve.
40247 this is easy and well worth the effort. serve this toast with any type of pate or starter you like.
40772 this is a great breakfast that is truly yummy. the kids will love how it puffs up in the oven. pour syrup over them or use canned apple pie filling that has been heated up.
237371 these easy to make, chewy blonde brownies are always a hit at the punahou school cafeteria in honolulu, hawaii.  rumor has it that these were also a big favorite of barrack obama when he was going to school there.
117532 a very quick way to make your own home-made pizza.  this dough rises up nice and has a very light flavour.  it can also be made in your bread machine on the 'dough' cycle.
31504 i have tons of recipes that i want to try that list puff pastry as an ingredient and of course i never have any and forget to buy it when i am out. here is a recipe to make your own at home.
10203 nothing better than homemade! why just open a can when it can be this easy to make it yourself.
195587 this is a simple crust to make.  it is always light and flaky.  i have used this recipe for about 25 years.  it always gets raves.
90762 i never really enjoyed eating cooked carrots until i found this recipe. it comes from a cookbook by mark bittman. i prefer making this with the butter and maple syrup. it makes a great combination.
16399 this is a must do in order to use this unique grain.
88220 saw rachael ray for 30 minute meals make these. i thought it would be something different for christmas eve dinner, since my dh loves them and i always refuse to make them. not these...they are delicious! even my two year old son loves them!
365890 these have become a family favorite; an easy side dish that is a quick, elegant addition to anything from the easter spread to a weeknight meal.
50592 a tasty way to make your own spiced raisin oatmeal!
88490 these are simple and wonderful. i got the recipe from a booklet put out by diamond walnuts and sunmaid raisins. time is approximate, and includes both preparation and baking together.
62521 don't let this stand, make it and drink it! you can adjust the amount of the milk or yogurt to your own liking.
16389 a basic filling-go wild with additions if you like.
41541 we like sweet potatoes a lot, and don't wait for a holiday to fix these.
50850 the sour cream and chives gives this potato side dish a wonderful taste.
206663 this rich rice dish can be made in a rice cooker, my favorite, or a regular pot. it goes well with red meat, such as stew or steak.
63051 rich with cream and butter, this is one your guests will never forget! from an old lhj magazine.
75845 also can be tried with cottage cheese.  good on passover for change of pace.
74908 a quick an easy version of a traditional italian holiday treat.
373368 a variant of this recipe was found on cooking-french.com.
192977 i made this for dinner tonight & well...i should have made a lot more.
185261 if you are roasting a chicken or other meat in the oven, save 1/4 cup of the fat drippings, and use to coat the broccoli instead of the olive oil.  the variations on this are endless - include tiny baby carrots and cauliflower if desired.
408950 my wife brought this recipe home from work.  apparently it's off of the internet.  but it is also delicious.
444069 i got this from eat better america and it is great. it says it serves 2, i usually use about a pound of sprouts and several cloves of garlic for our whole family. i've made this several times now and we like to cook it longer so they are nice and brown.
107225 i saw this recipe cooked by the surreal gourmet on a saturday morning television show. i was intrigued as i tend to find cauliflower a bit bland. this recipe results in a wonderfully sweet cauliflower that appeals to people who even hate cauliflower!

54172 saw this on foodtv's cooking thin show. this was easy to make and tasty. it was voted a hit in my house. serve it with crackers or pita bread. it can be made ahead of time.
26942 these tasty spuds, spiced with garlic herbs, will feel right at home alondside breafast, lunch, or dinner entrees. (this recipe is from the cookbook how it all vegan.)
128806 try something new with tonight's green breans. this is a very easy side dish and a nice change from the traditional. top with a sprinkle of breadcrumbs if desired! also, i double the spices when cooking for my husband.
29440 i love this!
61129 from gourmet magazine, this is a quick light side dish to your summer bbq
307522 over the years, i have really developed a taste for sweet potatoes, and am constantly looking for new ways to serve them.  these are yummy even at room temperature.
98439 a nice change of pace from regular fries. i like dipping them in sour cream or eating them plain.
425524 this is a very simple and basic recipe for pickled beets.  i prefer mine spiced up a bit (i throw in 1/2 a cinnamon stick and 4 whole cloves), but this was nice for a change.  not a canning recipe, so easy to throw together for a bbq!  time does not include 2 hours resting/chilling time - which is truly all that is required for the flavors to come through!  note:  i made this last evening with one 15oz can of sliced beets, cut them into strips, then halved the amount of vinegar mixture - it came together super quick and was delicious.  recipe from whats4eats.com.
19653 my favorite cookie recipe to use with cookie cutters.there is no need to chill the dough so it is fast.
159576 these are truly world famous.  i have made them for guests from england and the netherlands as well as from nova scotia.  i remember the first time i ever made them. i was a fairly newly wed when my husband asked me for pancakes.  i very sweetly replied,  i can't make pancakes, i don't have any pancake mix. to which my husband answered, don't you have a cook book? thus begun my obsession of cooking things from scratch.  ( i was 14 when i learned you could make a cake from scratch).
209735 these are a great condiment - scatter over a pizza, chop & stir into mashed potatoes, toss with pasta & parmesan cheese!  the possibilities are endless.
139989 this is a different and delicious way to make scrambled eggs, my mil used to make them this way and we loved them!
very creamy. she said originally they used to make eggs this way to stretch the eggs further when feeding a large family, now we just make them because we like them!
from the mennonite cookbook.
*caution: these eggs are of a very creamy and different texture and need to be fully cooked and set through.
517416 found on russianfoods.com. they say: a wonderful quick spread for breakfast. you can serve it with different types of bread, the only thing – it must be fresh.
386454 sabaayad is a somali flat bread made with flour and then it is cooked on a hot griddle. it can be rolled with butter and sugar or honey and it is good with cup of tea. or it is eaten with stews and sauces.  from www.mysomalifood.com
456988 this is a salad i grew up with. it is wonderful as a garnish for churrasco. if you think you can't possibly eat raw onions, the secret is to soak the sliced onions in ice water or sprinkle them with sugar and leave them in the refrigerator for a couple of hours. that will take away some of the pungency. then when you eat them, cut the rings into smaller pieces with your fork and knife..
posted fro zwt7. found in:http://www.maria-brazil.org/onion_salad.htm
65362 this is an old stand-by in our house. it is so simple to make and everyone loves it. the glorious end result makes you look like a cooking star. i found the recipe years ago in my sil's harrowsmith cookbook.
157688 i found a recipe similar to this online today, and had the best hours of laughing at the reviews. it became even funnier when i called my hubby and told him about it, he reminded me of my little sister's first official dinner cooked for her mother-in-law. (a great story i will included on my me page later.) my dh made me see a need in having this posted for new cooks, as not everyone grows up with a good teacher from the start, with that in mind, here is my improved version.
434249 this delicious sweet with surprise you as to how good it tastes. it's  just perfect along with a glass* of tea masha allah. - a strongly brewed tea is traditionally served in small glasses throughout the middle east. i'm sure this would be wonderful as a treat during ramadan as well. modified from a recipe found on http://www.yasalamcooking.com.
144762 a simple recipe which i found in the june 2002 issue of the 'australian good taste' magazine, in a bring-a-dish for eight menu plan.  obviously, the recipe can be scaled down.  the recipe specifies that it can be made up to an hour before serving, but i cannot see why it couldn't be made further ahead than that.  when i make this, i'll be adding chopped onions and garlic in step two, and some lemon juice and dried thyme, probably when adding the chickpeas in step three.
193486 one more thing to do with all that zucchini from the garden. this is a quick, good, and easy side dish that can be served with a weeknight family meal as well as a fancy dinner. goes great with grilled chicken or even a nice snack on its own.
61618 this is a colourful tasty sidedish for any meal.
374090 it's hard to resist seconds when i make up a batch of these delicious veggies.  the trick is to slice them very very thin...like potato chips.  i find it is best to use a mandoline to make the job quick and easy.  i'm not a big carrot fan, and i find that slicing thicker pieces makes the parsnips taste a bit carroty.  this is not a low-cal recipe, but it is loaded with vitamins and has a flavor that will make you crave parsnips from now on!
88634 this comes from sarah's secrets. i love radishes, so i had to give this a try......glad i did. so good
85319 this is our absolute favorite way of eating rutabaga. had it done this way in a mennonite restaurant in st. jacobs, ontario and i was hooked. try it, you won't be disappointed! (use your food processor for the grating to save time!)
304683 a quick and easy zucchini recipe to be used as a vege on the side
24147 this is a nice side dish that's a little different. great in the summer.
94900 a simple but elegant bisque, wonderful as one course among many or alone with a salad for summer dinners.
418616 this is my mom's recipe and i've never even wanted to try another.  turns out perfect every time, and is a must at easter to accompany ham.  kids would kill me if i didn't make it!!  i always add lots of thinly sliced onion (ratio 4 cups potato, 2 cups onion!), but i'll submit the recipe as is.  not quite sure how to post yield!
304649 beautiful, delicious melange.  from book southern church suppers.  the little bit of sugar makes all the difference.
136298 i'm posting this one for the zaar world tour 2005!
188921 this is a great recipe for light and flaky cookies! my family loves them. i like to have one with a cup of coffee....
97661 in a hurry? here's a great breakfast in one pan.
150527 scrambled eggs spread on buttered white bread
114996 a tasty little breakfast scamble. can be eaten as is or as a filling for a breakfast tortilla/roll-up.
255005 first:  what is self-rising corn meal?
self-rising corn meal has leavening and salt, and is enriched with b vitamins. it does not contain flour.
self-rising cornmeal and self-rising cornmeal mix is not available in my part of the country so had to go online to find out how to make my own.   there must be others out there with the same problem so decided to post.  information cmes from aunt jemima's website!

if your recipe calls for self-rising cornmeal mix go to recipe #254874

5247 i got this recipe off of a bag of flour when i did not have any self-rising flour.
4313 traditional greek cookies are 2 small strands of dough  twisted together and brushed with egg-milk mixture and sprinkled with sesame seed.
465881 if you like huevos rancheros you will like this.
137732 this is called shalom bayit (peace in the home) kugel, because that is precisely the effect it has on mine when i make it on friday afternoon.  this is a recipe for either 2 large kugels (9x13 and deep) or 4 small kugels (@8-9 square).  it is best straight out of the oven, but can be saved for lunch the next day.  to further its shalom bayit potential, i usually make it into four small kugels:  one to feed my underfed, stressed out family on friday afternoon (we always seem to forget real meals while we are preparing for shabbat), another one for friday night, another for shabbat day, and, equally important, the fourth to give to some other family which is either running late, stressed out, just had a baby, or needs a pick-me-up.  never fails to work wonders.  the key to this kugel is baking it first at a high temperature for a short time, and then at a lower temp.  wishing your family a peaceful day.
13089 quick and easy breakfast. serve with cubed cheddar cheese and olives.
502734 for zwt9
310310 i got this recipe from the wife of a co-worker.  it's a very simple cake, buttery & not too sweet -- perfect with seasonal fruit & whipped topping or ice cream.
121635 i love sweet warm bisquits topped with fresh strawberries and whipped cream.
23715 this is not your usual butter-cream made with powdered sugar. butter is beaten into a flour-thickened base to make an exquisitely light and creamy frosting. not overly sweet like those made with powdered sugar, but sweet enough to be the perfect compliment for a cake. make sure the base is completely cooled before beating in the butter. i added in 15 minutes cooling time, but it will vary depending on conditions.
133368 i use my grannys simple technique to frying chicken to make these porkchops. the salt is the key to good tasting chops!
511497 the other recipes on here have more ingredients this is a simple basic way to make it. 

perfect survival food. i recall when i was younger them having some on a plate at plymouth plantation and they said that even though it was hundreds of years old it was still ok to eat. 

this recipe was found on survival news online. 

http://www.survivalnewsonline.com/index.php/2012/02/hardtack-a-great-survival-food-stock/
383088 i've been making this easy dipping sauce since high school.  i'm posting the exact amounts of the original recipe i was given by an acquaintance. given the generous yield, it is very easily scaled down; i usually just whip up a small batch as needed.  this can be served straight away, or stashed in the fridge to meld a bit before using.
463076 we recently stayed in a villa in bali. the cook made this dressing a couple of times to go over a salad of mixed greens tomatoes and cucumber. she included mint in the salad-not the dressing. her recipe was actually just equal quantities of lime juice, white (not palm) sugar, and olive oil, garlic and slat and pepper, so it's super easy to make enough for 1 or 12.
103073 always a breakfst favorite at our house. great with syrup or honey.
193125 i love simple recipes and i love black beans and onions, so voila- perfect recipe!
256215 a great simple meal or late night snack for anyone on a budget, and so simple you won't even need to print it out. spaghetti is preferred, but any pasta will do. add as much butter, salt, and pepper as you like. my siblings and i (bird) ate this often growing up as a quick meal to cure the munchies, especially if there wasn't much in the pantry. it's also great for college kids, etc. ;)
59127 we love asparagus, this is another very simple way to make it. you may also use sesame oil and sesame seeds for a different variation. easy to double or triple recipe.
122878 not only simple to prepare, but delicious as well. serve with whipped cream or vanilla ice cream, if desired.
153600 simple syrup is little more then a mixture of sugar and water. the sweetness and/or density is a matter of preference. thin and medium syrup is best for cocktails, while thicker syrup is used for sundaes, fountain drinks and deserts.
26987 a basic sugar syrup used as a base for a variety of desserts and beverages.
373964 i've found that i often prefer a lighter ice cream without all the heavy cream and eggs. here is a recipe i found for a simple ice milk that can be tweaked with variations (add your favorite fruit, nut, etc.) this originally had more sugar, but i found it too sweet, and now the sugar matches this similar recipe for tahitian vanilla ice milk on this site. cooking time is freezing time.
5477 the recipe, and my instructions are adapted from a videorecording that a new baker might find helpful.  perfect bread, how to conquer bread making. by betsy oppenneer, 
the breadworks, 1990, norwich,
177765 only 5 ingredients plus oil to fry.  serve with sour cream.  from a cookbook called favorite recipes by st. mary's ladies guild (carpatho russian orthodox) in endicott, ny. submitted by
mary hiznay.
268242 sometimes when i get a hankering for something sweet but don't want to make, say, a sheetcake....voila! a single crepe, which you can top/fill with any number of delicious things: syrup, chocolate, fruit, whipped cream, powdered sugar, etc.
299888 this is a quick and easy potato side dish, which is my husband's most requested.  this recipe can be modified, using many different combinations of herbs and spices, to accompany any meal.  the recipe calls for fresh herbs, but one could substitute dried herbs as well.  just remember when using dried herbs, use half the amount called for in a recipe.
145147 i have a meat and potatoes guy who could live on potatoes and gravy. this is how i make it healthier and lower in fat!
72402 adapted from deborah madison's book vegetarian cooking for everyone. this is the best method for roasting garlic. it creates the smoothest roasted garlic with the best flavor. it enriches and smooths the flavor and it great in just about everything (well, except desserts). yield depends on the size of your head of garlic. this produces surprisingly little (perhaps 2 tbs the first time i did it), so if you would like a larger quantity you may want to double or triple the recipe.
102491 comfort food alert(cfa). 
200517 side dishes should never be an afterthought, but with the demands of holiday entertaining it is tempting to devote all your energies to presenting an extraordinary main dish -- accompanied with a side dish out of a can.   

this holiday season, smokey bones barbeque & grill, which operates casual dining restaurants in the eastern and midwestern u.s., is here to help.
59254 this comes from a dorothy carroll. i'd like to make them for my diabetic daughter for her snacks. one thing i'd try different would to be to prick with the fork after rolling out, before cutting. try both ways and let me know which you think is easier.
106056 no joke, this simple concotion from the famous, vermont folk medicine book by d.c. jarvis works like a miracle, but it's just mother nature at work for us. apple cider vinegar is known to have so many medicinal/healing attributes, so put this one to work for your sore or strep throat. yep....strep. this will knock the crapola out of the bacteria that's tryin' to knock the crap out of you. be very sure that you are using real apple cider vinegar, as heinz now makes an apple cider vinegar flavored liquid. (why??)
45851 this is an absolutely fabulous recipe. my whole family loves it. try it toasted with butter and jam. yummy!
70437 delicious sour cream muffins with a cinnamon, brown sugar & nut filling and topping.
192600 this is such a simple cookie to make. the cookies are soft like a sugar cookie but without the wait. one of my favorites. easy to double
91801 this is a great change from the usual fruit dip recipes and it is so easy to make with only three simple ingredients. it is a recipe from my niece who got it from a friend who prepares fruit trays for a major grocery store. the preparation time is an estimate of the time it takes to prepare the fruit.
77062 this is a foolproof pastry that never gets tough no matter how you handle it. it is a dream to handle and tastes great. the sour cream yields a tender flaky pastry.originally posted by mean chef.
77907 these rise high and melt in your mouth. i like to double up on the streusel mixture :)
95475 are they muffins or biscuits?? only 5 ingredients, one bowl and a muffin pan. what could be easier? these muffins taste exactly like heavenly, light, baking powder biscuits. they are sinfully rich and oh, so delicious! so much easier than messing up your kitchen with rolling pins and flour allover the counter. tip: these brown better without using paper liners.
108569 this make a light, fluffy biscuit that has a sweet,buttery flavor. enjoy!
108364 thanks paula deen (foodtv) for the best fried chicken i have ever made! it has a nice, savory flavor and a coating that has just the right amount of crispiness. it was a good thing i had an extra cut-up chicken in the refrigerator because my family was begging for it again the next day. although it calls for what seems like a lot of hot pepper sauce, it isn't any spicier than jack-in-the box's spicy crispy chicken--you can take it!!  fyi i made this using 10 pounds of wings--enough of the hot sauce/egg mixture to cover, but you will need to double flour mixture if you want to do this much.  i'm not saying it tastes like kfc--only that you won't be doing business with them anymore.
137575 salmon patties are quick and easy.  i got this recipe from my son's babysitter many years ago.  my son is now 20 and we still eat these at least a few times a month.  these are very moist when done.
37158 this recipe is based upon my mil's (she never measures anything). it is my family's favorite way to eat squash and i always make a double batch of it.
82077 found this in a cook book i got at the library, have been using a lot of balsamic vinegar recently and this recipe appealed. the flavours are delicious and its so easy. prep time includes marinating.
19844 spaetzle are like noodles but better! they are served with many hungarian meals and also bavarian/german meals. they are used as the starch part of the meal in place of potatoes, rice or pasta once cooked you can fry them in butter or just toss them with a little butter. serve with gravy etc.your choice. the picture with the spaetzle on the red plate is the way they look right after boiling them and have a little butter on them, they are quite good served plain like this. the photo in the fry pan is the way i like them most. i used a little bacon dripping, fried some onions and mushrooms added the cooked spaetzel and browned it very slowly took approx 30 minutes.  chopped bacon is also very good mixed in. spaetzel is a nice change from regular pasta.
78512 great pasta dish.
425631 inspired by peter minakis blog; you should see it; amazing. for zaar tour 6.
232386 this spanish condiment can be used as an ingredient in your favorite dishes, as a drizzle on salads and grilled vegetables or simply for dipping bread.  i make this in mini batches with good results.  this recipe comes from madhur jaffrey from a friend in andalusia.
124390 another twist in an old theme.
86710 my husband loves these little egg noodles with a roast.
297272 my mother passed this recipe onto me-- a simple recipe that is great for topping toast, adding to oatmeal, and so on!  make a batch and store it in an airtight container for easy access, especially on those busy mornings!
138115 here is another moroccan salad dish from “the world of spice”.  serve this with other salads i’ve posted (such as lemon salad, orange and olive salad and grilled green pepper and tomato salad) for an authentic set of appetisers.  recipe posted for zaar world tour 2005.
84104 these are a lot more interesting than plain roasted or jacket potatoes. they're perfect to serve with a roast and easy to do. as the potatoes cook the slices fan out so, as well as tasting great, they look pretty too!
123000 this came from a newfie cookbook mom used when i was young. very tasty comes out moist and is great served with ice cream, or whipped cream.
309468 these have a sweet / salty / spicy flavor that makes them hard to quit eating!  once you've tried them, the recipe may not reach to the 6 or 8 people!  i found a similar recipe, here at zaar, but not quite the same.
294820 this was so good last night, i don't want to forget what i did!  this was a great side dish for cheese enchiladas.  adjust the seasonings according to your tastes and the age of your kids.  i used the lower end for my 6yo (who ate it without protest) and 20mo (who was not so fond of it).  if i were to cook this for just the adults at my house, i would use the upper end.  i used really small zucchini for this, less than an inch in diameter and about 5-6 inches long.
24553 i love spoon bread! i love this recipe! from house & garden.
116202 my favorite way to enjoy asparagus!  extremely simple to prepare, and of course, healthful.
228819 i found this interesting idea in the book thai food by david thompson. the author suggests steaming for 10 minutes for a slightly soft yolk, but as i desired a firmer yolk steamed for 12 minutes and let them cool at room temperature for a while. david is right that they are more tender than a boiled egg, not a huge difference but these are just that subtly bit better than a boiled egg. well worth a try for anything where you would otherwise use a boiled egg.
102899 i love this recipe. i made it up with leftover ingredients from a pan of lasagna my mother was making. i hope you and your kids like it as much as i do. you can serve these rolls with sausage or meatballs on the side. or just with a tasty balsamic salad and crusty bread.
314178 a great side dish to have with any meal!  quick and easy to prepare!  a blend of olive oil, butter and seasonings give flavor galore!!!
153448 my parents made this often when i was a child and it is still one of my favourite meals as an adult.  quick, tasty and cheap!  we usually have this as a main dish with a salad and rolls. measurements are approximate as i don't follow a recipe and it can be adjusted for personal preference.  can use whole, crushed or diced tomatoes
423203 posting for zwt6 greek region. this recipe is actually kind of a tomato omelette. it is quick to make and tasty.
26405 the first time we were offered these was at a mediterranean restaurant the we like. they were wonderful. be sure to not skimp on the quality of the balsamic vinegar.
185245 modena monari federzoni balsamic vinegar a high quality balsamic vinegar used for desserts and gourmet dishes.  over $6.00 for a 8 ounce bottle so i hope i tell the difference.
38353 oh this was so good.
122587 strawberry swap spring 2005

  zwt region is west for the strawberries and the asparagus grown in california.
261637 awesome flavors!!!  if you are a strawberry lover, this one is for you!  a rich creamy texture to enjoy.  the nuts are optional, but does add to flavor combination.  if used, chopped pecans are recommended.
10045 http://members.theglobe.com/tristaan/april.htm
121335 i found this unusual french desert in a pamphlet about cooking with strawberries.  hope you enjoy it too.  cook time is standing time.
236240 eat n' park is a popular local restaurant chain in my hometown of pittsburgh, pa.  they are rightfully famous for their salad bar and scrumptious baked goods.  these strawberry creme muffins are (almost!) like the ones served at their breakfast buffet.  this recipe originally appeared in the kitchen mailbox column of the pittsburgh post-gazette, june 21, 2007.
36685 posted in reply to a request. found in a 
269771 this is from betty c
286953 a good breakfast or brunch recipe.  i like to double this for a 9x13 pan.  fresh or frozen blueberries can be used in the recipe as well.
322152 this is the best way to use your over ripe bananas. these are especially good because of the crunchy brown sugar streusel on top. a regular in my house.
275256 this is a super simple recipe that my entire extended family has adopted. it does takes 3 hours from start to finish, but the results are really worth it.
277540 the addition of cream cheese whipped with heavy cream produces a stiffer mixture that stands up to desserts longer even between cake layers. this recipe was part of a longer, involved cake recipe from america's test kitchen.
124413 i always seem to not have buttermilk on hand when i need it. i've used the powdered milk and vinegar version of this which works well, but today i didn't have any powdered milk! this substitution that i found on the internet works just as well.
107059 out of pumpkin pie spice and only need a little to get you through until you buy more? from hamilton beach web site a few years back.
143862 got this from my cousin-in-law doreen. the chicken cooks for 2 1/2 hours and comes out so moist.  there will be plenty of juice from the meat to make a gravy.  serve with mashed potatoes and your favorite veggie.  great weekend meal for those upcoming cold evenings. cooking time includes the 20 minute sitting time in step 11.
128646 my aunt has been making this for years and finally gave my mom and i the recipe...it is always requested for parties, potlucks, birthdays and just because. it's really easy too!
133941 these potatoes are eaten throughout scandinavia, but they are especially popular in denmark. the swedish version would have a bit more sugar. posted for the zaar world tour 2005. zaar world tour ii
43142 there will come a point in this recipe where you think you can't possibly add any more flour. your mixer, if it's a small one, may even become alarmingly warm. but push on and all your hard work will be rewarded with some of the tastiest and most comforting cookies i have come across. they're great for dipping in a cup of tea or just for snacking on. i particularly like to make them to give away at the holidays.
110753 are you tired of sugar cookie dough that will not roll out properly? dough's too sticky? that won't cut-out properly? are you tired of sugar cookies that are too fragile to decorate? if so, then this is the recipe for you. i have the world's worst luck with sugar cookies. 3 years in a row i had great intentions of making cutout sugar cookies for my christmas baskets. inevitably, i failed. one year, the dough was way too sticky. another, the cookies just feel apart. then i found this recipe. these cookies roll out and cut beautifully, they bake evenly, and they are sturdy enough to frost and decorate yet still taste heavenly. even my 3yo could not mess these up! and yes, i checked this against all the other sugar cookie recipes on this site -- it's different. and delicious!
364651 this is a favourite with the grandkiddies and me too!  for a change in pace, add cinnamon to the butter/sugar mix for rolling.  also, thinking you could add a dollop of your favourite jam before completely filling the cup (havent tried that yet).
121141 the sugar burns fast so keep a watchful eye on them.
316202 recipe supplied by sullivan street bakery and printed in the ny times, this bread recipe so insanely brilliant - no sticky fingers, no doughy mess, no intricate measuring, no complicated kneading.  totally hands-off.  the crust is thin, crisp  and snaps as you cut into the loaf.  the interior of the bread holey, chewy, airy and light. this low fat, low cal bread will become a staple in your home as it has mine.
128816 these are delicious!  i concocted this from three different recipes for the most watermelon flavor.  the orange juice paired with the watermelon gives these popsicles the color of a beautiful sunset, which is a great time to have one.
241141 years ago, our family received a jar of these as a house-warming gift when we moved.  my five brothers and i made very short work of that jar--we loved 'em!  my mother has made several hundred gallons of these over the years.  and i still make at least one gallon every summer....and a few times i've even canned them (transferred to quart jars or left in the gallon jar) after they've gotten their sun-tan.   they keep for months in the back of the fridge, or for longer if you can them.   my folks refer to these as gramma smart pickles --after the little old lady who lived next door in eagle, wisconsin.
426449 i have never had luck with lace cookies and after a lot of searching i found a recipe for lace cookies on a blog called foodspriration that looked so simple i thought there was no way i could mess these up! i did make a couple changes to the recipe (like using corn syrup instead of honey - because i did not want the honey flavour and using a full 1 tsp of batter per cookie instead of 1/2 tsp) but it did not affect the end product. i hope you enjoy these as much as i did!
355130 my daughter taught me to cook bacon with no splatter or mess on the stove top, by baking it instead. i use a 10x15 jelly roll pan or the bottom of a broiling pan. i buy parchment paper for baking in rolls in bulk online, but you can get it at the supermarket or any cooking supply store. i bake 3 pounds of bacon at a time and freeze it in individual servings.
110870 this is inspired from a recipe i saw yesterday on a french tv cooking show. couldn't be healthier or easier. this is for one large serving. it could easily serve two, or just multiply the recipe. you really need a blender to do this correctly.
28008 only a 15-minute rise time! add a pinch of salt or garlic salt if you wish, but i never do. easy and quick dinner!
113019 i love to put garlic salt on my steamed veggies. i ran out of garlic salt and didn't want to make a trip to the store. i found this recipe somewhere on the internet.
386908 this recipe is so quick and easy!  it brings out the wonderful flavor of the zucchini, adding nothing to detract from it.  great to use up all the excess zucchini from your garden.
19259 by cooking garlic cloves and potatoes together you get a nice easy way to get a taste of garlic. make potatoes as dense or creamy as you like by adjusting milk.
137046 this recipe came from the worn out cookbook of my former neighbor whose parents came from sweden.  when she died i got all her cookbooks so there are some authentic recipes to be found.  i have yet to try these but believe me she was a great cook!
503591 from the cookbook onion harvest cookbook. another cookbook given to me by a friend. for cook time, i'm including the cooking of the potatoes, because that has to be done concurrently, almost, with the onions.
384786 sometimes i manage to sleep a little longer than dh does and when i am really really lucky he prepares these scones and prepares breakfast. we like them wih cheese and cucumber or with cheese and jam. (preferably homemade blueberry or crowberries).
note: i include the grams as this is what hubby is more used to use and it might be a litttle more accurate).
79204 a great little cookie that my mom and i make every christmas. i love these and the bring back memories of childhood.
174297 home made alternative to store bought sweet and sour mix.
65870 i almost didn't post this because it's so simple, but it's one of my favorite snacks!
268061 this recipe came from my sister in law--the best baked chicken i have ever eaten! you can use a whole chicken or a cut up chicken.
99799 this recipe was developed by me. it is a sweeter version of my fabulous honey white bread recipe posted here on recipezaar. toast this and slather with butter and cinnamon, your mouth will thank you! 
333452 bacon wrapped, sweet but spicy, bite-sized chicken.  so easy and a perfect finger food or main course.


143172 this is a family favorite! you can add in some cumin, cayenne and cinnamon too.  you might want to increase the recipe to 3 pounds of sweet potatoes along with the other ingredients, these are so good! if you are adding in the cumin, cayenne and cinnamon, then omit fresh garlic. yield is only estimated depending on the size of pancake.
47933 this is a recipe i found on southernfood.com. hope you enjoy it.
304276 this recipe was found in canadian living let's barbecue summer 2004. it's a very simple side to prepare on your bbq.
sweet potatoes are popular in the islands of the pacific ocean, spreading from polynesia to japan and the philippines.
266984 creamy sweet potatoes topped with a crunchy pecan topping that has melted/caramelized into a delicious layer between the topping and the potatoes.
305099 delicious easy appetizer perfect for game day or any get together. creamy swiss cheese, bacon and green onion are the perfect combination.  your guests will be asking for the recipe.
441475 homemade spaetzle are quick to prepare and really very good. 
serve topped with cheese and/or fried onions…or plain with butter…or baked again until roasted in the oven...or with a meal with sauce; for example, zürigschnätzlets (veal in cream sauce- veal zurich) (recipe #175785)…or…..
148786 those taco seasoning packets are usually so high in sodium and contain all kinds of unecessary junk.  give this one a try.  you can adjust the seasoning to your liking, add onions when you brown the beef or not, whatever you like.  i like to add fresh jalapenos when i add the sauce.  consider this a base recipe.  enjoy!
384977 a great spread for bread/toast from nigella. 2 minutes to put together and its done :)
228387 grilled tomatoes.  from egyptian cooking: a practical guide.  a very simple recipe posted for zwt 3.
59854 this is a very versatile pastry dough that is so rich and yummy. you'll never want to use another. enough for 12 tarts (regular muffin tin size) or 24 tassies.  some nice recipes to try are:  recipe #84684, recipe #84683, recipe #83446, recipe #83447, recipe #62124 and recipe #82537.
19809 this makes a great luncheon or light dinner entree when served with sour cream and caviar or serve as sidedish.
19046 great!!
146830 my family loves these potatoes.  i've taken them to picnics and holiday gatherings.  the mayonnaise adds a wonderful flavor to this dish.  it is an often requested recipe.
i generally use light mayonnaise to save on fat and calories.
174471 our first grade teacher, mrs bridgewater, who had retired twice, would be excused from teacher's meetings to make this recipe. this recipe lives on in many households.
137889 my quick and easy recipe for tender, juicy  chicken with a nice, light lemon flavor!
351327 this tasty method for cooking bacon came from a cookbook put out by dorothy mengering, the mother of late night talk show host david letterman.
435511 a copycat recipe of friday's yummy sauce, to eat with chicken fingers.  reviews on other sites recommend leaving out the vinegar, as it makes it too runny for dipping, although should likely leave in when using as dressing. 

while i haven't tried this copycat recipe yet; friday's honey mustard appeals to me because it has more of a honey taste and less mustard.  good for kids.
77326 i was trying to match a dessert sold at a local thai restaurant; this is pretty close, but not exact. the real thing uses glutinous rice, but since that is not available in most of the u.s., this can be a variation for people without it.
222888 the perfect answer for when you have tons and tons of leftover tapioca (like i do!) from another dessert.  this is naret sihavong's (owner of phuket thai restaurant in honolulu, hi), recipe.
40098 from french fries, to chicken nuggets, to just about anything, this was the ultimate dipper when i was in college. created by accident, it quickly became everyone's fave. i introduced it to my mom, and now i have to keep this mixture on hand in the fridge at all times!!! sounds gross, but give it a try...might surprise ya!! it seems that everyone prefers a little more of this or that ingredient. i like mine with a little less mayo, lots of pepper and garlic powder, and the mustard added. play around with it a little bit, and you'll find the combo that is perfect for you!
185026 here is another one of ina garten's creations.  i think all of her recipes are easy and delicious.
111347 i got this recipe out of a family favorites cookbook that was put together at a school for a fundraiser. this is the best alfredo sauce i have ever eaten . it is so easy to make. you could make a lighter version by useing light cream cheese. not nearly the amount of calories of regular cream
63071 these waffles are super crisp on the outside, light as a feather inside and so scrumptious! avoid removing them from the waffle iron too soon; they should be a golden brown. enjoy!
142025 my mil taught me to cook this way. stir frying the broccoli is one of the best ways to cook it-- without losing any vitamins and nutrients. i have also used the method with asparagus and green beans.
179293 my source for this recipe is the california egg commission & i amended it slightly. it's a new favourite for me - a great way to solve the question of what can i cook for dinner using just what i already have in the fridge? when you also factor in that it's healthy, hearty & tasty - it becomes an easy choice. it has a unique starting point ... you've just finished making 2 basic omelets (plain or cheese work well). this recipe targets a family of 4, but can be adjusted as needed. for a family, you'll cook 1 kid-size omelet to split in a 9 in non-stick skillet & 1 adult-size omelet to split in a full size skillet. cook them over low to med heat w/a lid on the skillets till well-set. you may turn them if you like, but do not fold them. slide them out onto a serving platter or dinner plate so the real recipe can begin ...
302972 there are many ways that work well to boil eggs such as adding salt (who needs that extra salt?), using a needle to poke a hole in the eggs (way too tedious and unnecessary), adding ice or vinegar for easy peeling, etc., etc., etc. unfortunately, those methods are all too time consuming for most people. i've been using this technique since i was a teenager (so long ago). 
this technique is perfect and the absolute simplest above all the others. oh, and no utensils needed either, how cool is that!?!  :)   a similar method for pasta is recipe #30358
78552 this is the most ultimate rich dense buttery pound cake! no lein this cake but the eggs--- for best results this cake should be baked a day ahead and wrapped in plastic, or it can be frozen for up to 3 months, servings is of coarse estimated ---  this is wonderful served with a blueberry or strawberry sauce :)
341607 one of my son's favorite hot drinks--warm, filling, and delicious. amounts are just suggested and approximate; adjust to suit your taste and your mug. the amounts given are for a kid-size mug or teacup, so increase if using a larger mug.
386664 these potatoes are yummy, rich and decadent!  they are not diet friendly but boy are they worth the extra calories!  they're a nice change when you want something different than the same old mashed potatoes.  this recipes makes alot so if you need less, it's easily cut in half.  you can make these a day or 2 ahead and refrigerate until ready to use.
103599 this recipe is from king arthur's all-purpose baking book and my family's current favorite recipe. they have a spongy texture and soak in the syrup.
191861 coat with red and/or green sugar for the holidays, these cookies make a wonderful addition to your holiday cookie tray! :)
10273 a great recipe for those who do not like sponges posing as pancakes. these pancakes come out a little thicker than crepes would be.
297274 recipe from a relative. prep time does not include the time needed for the dough to chill.
136529 a traditional finnish dessert of festivals and celebrations. the tippaleivät is a round ball version of the american funnel cakes. the use of a medal collar will aid in the ball shape when making these fritters.
357226 just grab your grapefruit spoon.
231556 super easy and quick way to make grilled cheese. my daughter loves these almost as much as the ones i do in the pan on top of stove.
189399 bring out the rich nutty flavour of your walnuts, pecans and other nuts by toasting them in a warm oven. just cool and add to your favourite recipes.
69358 a great potato recipe i've been making for years. everyone loves it at my house.
447582 so easy!  the prep for this recipe takes less than 5 minutes!  the result is delicious fries that my whole family loves.  dip them in ketchup, honey mustard, ranch, or your favorite dipping sauce!  this is tweaked (only very slightly) from the oven steak fries recipe from flylady.com.
23836 the perfect, quick, bachelor-y lunch for when you're hard pressed for time! this healthy recipe includes the 4 main food groups, so tuck in, and double the recipe if you're really hungry! :-)
62029 this is a very simple salad. my mom would make it as a side dish for omlettes for brunch. i usually serve it with grilled steak or by itself. for those of you who do ww, this is 1 point per serving.
308909 this salad came from a kenya and tanzania web site and is specifically 
a swahili recipe.  serve with rice and curry. posted for zwt4.
117026 i don't know where i got this recipe from, but every time i make it..someone wants the recipe!!  thought i'd post it, so i would have it for my cookbook!
248857 one of the culinary wonders of spain- here is my recipe which may or may not be too authentic... when i was there studying abroad, my spanish host mom showed me how to make it. unfortunately, i'm not sure where the recipe i wrote went. this is how i make it now, and it turns out pretty great every time! this is the basic recipe- to this you can add meat (like sausage) veggies (like spinach) or more spices (like oregano and basil).
68956 tomoko who lives with us rang her mother in japan for this recipe. it's so simple, but it really is yummy. don't over cook your broccoli-it's got to be bright green and crisp.
51239 source: fine cooking magazine
123708 the flavour of twice-baked potatoes in an easy casserole dish (no cream soups!) for everyone to share.
251755 for our 5 year olds lunch box for either snack time or lunch for his first year at kindergarten that are reasonably healthy but will bring a smile to his face when he finds them. kids tire of the same old sandwich, so i came up with this as a new and fun way to make sure he doesn't skip his sandwich!
140779 i've learned a lot researching for the zwt '05:

eastern africa's ugali (similar to southern africa's mealie-meal, nshima, and sadza) is usually made from maize (corn) which was brought from the americas to africa by europeans. previously it was made from millet. these starchy fufu-like foundations are the eastern african versions of western african staples like fufu (which is generally made from yams, plantains, or cassava tubers) and banku, kenkey, or tô. -- they are all starchy accompaniments for the african soup or stew or sauce, or other dishes with sauce or gravy. they are generally made by boiling and vigorously stirring a starchy ingredient into a thick, smooth mush. many africans feel they haven't had a meal unless they have eaten fufu or ugali with a sauce or stew.
372456 this is my great grandmother's recipe. it is a family favorite for breakfasts. make sure not to over-mix it or they won't be flaky. delicious!
136571 a recipe from my husband's family we have quite often. swedish pancakes are thin, more like a crepe than an american pancake. we usually roll these and drizzle maple syrup over or fill with lingonberries or raspberry jam.
166521 i found this recipe in a gooseberry patch cookbook. it is so easy and so good! i served them with a little sour cream and chopped green onions!
130943 this is a very simple sauce that is usually served with french fries.
162532 besides being one of the most amazing movies i've seen in a while, v for vendetta features the simplest, most craveable breakfast dish i think i've ever seen. in the movie, v, in his jaunty kitchen apron, so lovingly prepares this charming breakfast dish for natalie portman's character.  by the movie's end, i was craving so badly, that i made it for our breakfast for the next two days!!  please feel free to use any bread you have on hand. i also like to make these on my large nonstick griddle, but you can prepare them 1 or 2 at a time using a non-stick frying pan.
82226 want to know how to get kids to drink milk?
489644 recipe is from my mom, from her local newspaper.  original recipe only makes one dozen cupcakes, so i am doubling the recips to submit it.  who makes just 12 cupcakes???   ;)
76294 this is an adopted recipe that i am honored to have.
315834 this is one of my favorite recipes from toh.  it is easy, it is cheap, and it is delicious!  i think these are my family's favorite cookies.  i have even made a batch with pasteurized eggs for making cookie dough ice cream! :) the cook time is for one batch in the oven.  the dough freezes well; simply roll into a log and wrap in plastic wrap.  then just slice off cookies and bake (from frozen) according to directions.
188031 my friend who is a baker gave me this recipe because i am in love with these cookies! you don't have to be vegan to enjoy these.  

*don't omit the cinnamon. it's what makes these cookies the best.
70923 go the extra mile and make these with the vanilla sugar described below--sensational! these are really wonderful with coffee-cream cheese frosting (see my recipes for it).
376347 recipe that came with my ge waffle maker.
24924 mix, refrigerate and eat...!
131930 i got this recipe from my mother-in-law. my husband likes this so much he requests it as his birthday cake. it can easily be doubled and put in a 9 x 13 pan.
15773 this is an old way of making a teriyaki sauce with honey instead of sugar, giving it a more pleasing sweetness.  it's great for marinading and dipping with any kind of meat dish.
33696 this is a simple recipe,most ingredients we all have around the kitchen.8) (6 ingredients!)
450939 this is a refreshing, tasty & healthy way to begin your day or anytime but it is most healthy consumed on an empty stomach. watermelon is thought to have originated in southern africa, where it is found growing wild, resulting in sweet, bland and bitter varieties of which the sweet is to be used here.
460928 a really quick to prepare, refreshing salad!  this was a suggested side for a spicy main entree in cooking light.
64721 i'm posting this in answer to a request. i haven't made it myself. it was on a site called the ice cream parlor. an ice cream maker is necessary. times do not include chilling or freezing, and are guesses.
91758 an unusual and refreshing treat.
373442 this is from caribeanchoice.com and is for zaar world tour 5. this is from the country of aruba.
15522 i love this dish!  my late husband was from cameroon (fr.west africa)  he taught me to cook their dishes. when i prepare these recipes, i am thankful for having the opportunity for such a wonderful cultural experience.

the more you make this dish, the better you get at it. actually, the beans are a healthy food and very filling. you can add meat and make this a one-dish meal. a loaf of french bread is great with it.
*062910-thank you toubabou-ke member_id=1342512 for pointing out the palm oil.  i do use palm oil but for confusion sake i didn't post it.  just kept it simple for other chefs:p*  i have also used coconut oil.
131054 a basic honey butter that's delicious on cornbread or muffins! also, a number of variations. try it on scones!
21301 this is a medium white sauce, to be used on creamed casseroles, scalloped foods, etc.
144972 this is a reciepe i found in a pamphlet from bc natural chicken at wild oates. it is easy and very good.
438574 i don't use wondra® enough to warrant buying.  i found this recipe and it worked so well on fried shrimp and made for a lovely, delicate coating.  can be used in any recipe calling for wondra® brand instant flour.
77354 i have posted this in response to a request. i have made them once, and found that they work fine. however, i usually find it easier to just buy them. still, it's a handy recipe to have around.
171844 very yummy, quick and easy ;)
54047 wonderful waffles! the batter improves each day and will keep up to a week (if it lasts that long!) refrigerated. i usually mix the batter at least two days before i plan to use it. i originally got this recipe from the aunt of a dear friend over 15 years ago. they're yummy topped with sliced strawberries, blueberries, and whipped cream! prep time does not include overnight chill time.
376 i have made this recipe a thousand times and we just love it.  it came up for adoption and i jumped on it.  goes great with just about any main dish.
215760 a simple, delicious vegetable recipe that tastes good with any grilled meat that was marinated in lemon juice. it can be done on your gas grill's side burner so you don't have to run back and forth. my family is perfectly happy with ordinary, yellow, cooking onions, but if you have vidalias in season it will suit them very well.
381868 we love the vanilla/cinnamon flavors in this one !
62702 another basic. this is great served with soup, and easy to make variations on. you can use different kinds of cheese, or bread, possibly even add a few veggies.

40272 this is another recipe from my mil that my family really enjoys. the kids really like the bacon in it. the cooking time is approximate. enjoy!
17083 this is the best banana bread i have ever had!! it is so moist, i believe it is due to the over ripe bananas and the sour cream. you must try it!!!
81507 make your bagels more enjoyable! why buy this at the store when you can whip it up in seconds?! you can also put this on toast or anything else your tummy desires.
127080 i like this recipe because it is easy and very tasty. the key is to not drain the liquid from the green beans. this recipe can be easily doubled or tripled.
340418 i posted this here for safe keeping - this recipe has been in my family for years - these are the best potatoes - if having with gravy leave cheese off top if you prefer.  if having with ham or no gravy - add shredded cheddar to the top - excellent!!!!
109948 i received this recipe in on of my daily e-mails from our local vegetable producer. i made it for a big group and it was so yummy that i had to share it. it has the cheesiness that most enjoy on cauliflower but with a bit of kick too.
131346 a south beach friendly way to use any extra your garden is giving, try to pick them when they are less than 3 inches in diameter.  use lo-fat sour cream for phase one, but it tastes good no diet at all!
148748 my hubbie made this for me. thought i would share. saw nothing like it on here.
92776 this is an easy, quick, tasty recipe. it is good for potluck dinners. the color makes it quite attractive to serve. yummy!
99481 if you don't tell it is zucchini, people will think it is apple...i promise!
104182 i found this recipe on the internet and can't wait to try it !! it is supposed to taste like apple crisp. i have never made this recipe, but am posting it here to share with you all and to keep it safe for future use. if you try it before i do, let me know how it turns out!
69647 smuggle some vegetables into your family's favourite pizza! from a mollie katzen recipe.
41087 thanks to my fellow zaar chefs for the inspiration for this recipe! i came up with this recipe based on all of your suggestions in the message forums! yum!
142953 this is great served with crackers, as a veggie dip, or with rounds of french bread. obtained form the aha low-fat, low-cholesterol cookbook.
384179 close family friend who has shared many great italian recipes gave this to mom years ago. still our all time way to cook zucchini. up to you about how many layers to use. you can use italian seasoning in place of oregano, if you like.
